# 2017-07-27 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 1)
#### Date: 24 July 2017 19:00
#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HACManchester/Branding/master/Logos/PNG/126/hackspace-dgrey.png)
## Agenda 
* Haccess updates
* Flooring
* Social (media) engagement - Harvy to ask people questions
* MakerFest 19/08-20/08
* MCP Update
* RW (garlicbread) Id like to ask about lowering the lights in the main area. It would provide more light. Hide the ceiling and allow easier changing of tubes.

## Proceedings
### Start
* 19:00: We are still choosing what food to order.
* 19:01: Food Order starts
* 19:12: Question: Is this a meeting? 
* 19:14: Remark: oh fuck

### Haccess updates
Confident prototype is stable, bugs ironed out, put together one mor prototype, fit power supply to inner door
**ACTION Bob: do we add lock as well?**

Next steps: Get the door one going and tested
Info for others: thinking of integrating with laser cutter so only trained people can use and use balances. 

Discussion on ESP8266/other modules. Only test to be done is integrating it to the space network in a secure way.

Another board rev based on current design. Aim is end of august have it done. 
Box for inner door lock. 

### Flooring
HTSD this weekend (Saturday) - probably best to do it in rows. Moving all the shelves in one go.
Talk of how we go about it, moving of shelves and whether to cut Lino around shelves. 
Not enough for whole space 2m x 32m roll. 
**ACTION: write plan for how we will lay it.** Idea is to start from electronics bench and see how far we get.

### Social media engagement
Taz transferred FB/Twitter access to Harvey who will help out. 
Lucy sent photos for the site. 
**ACTION: ideas where we want to go with social. How to attract new members?**
Harvey to ask questions. 
Wifi camera for people to take photos of projects to be sent to social media person. 
Had people doing blog posts in the past. Syndication to the feeds from others blogs.
Alex insists he was infamous. (Still is)
Get links to other spaces - visit and plaster. 
Hackspace passports not seen as viable. 
Makerfaire?
Art craft event presence needs to be boosted.

### Flyers stickers:
We have the flyers. 
**ACTION: print out flyers and stickers.**
Rossy offered to print. Lucy and Conor offered to slice them.

### MakerFest 19/08-20/08: sat/sun
Bob involved with organisation
Not got a stall this year - no application put in
Bob involved with “shitty robot competition” - needs volunteers
**ACTION: people to volunteer.** Bob willing to take on volunteers and hide harman propaganda. Hacman influence.
Goes well if we have a lot of people, need to get more people in. 
**ACTION: Bob to get event plan over. Then they will start pushing.**
**ACTION: promo for this, social media to hacman members.** 
Discussion of bobs amazing water contraption that electrocutes. 
THEY CAN BE FUN BUT IT IS HARD WORK.
Better off concentrating on local events. 
Comments about Newcastle were made. 
Harsher comments about Coventry were made. 
[redacted]

### MCP Update
New membership system.
As of this weekend it has finally started after four years. 
Includes: form, payments etc…
Discussion on current system: manual system, emails that go to spam etc…
New system has flow where user can set up payment and verify email in one smooth process. 
Aim for it to let people modify payments month to month. Single one off payments. i.e. snack space. Used for adding and removing people from access lists for laser cutter … 
IT’S NOT CALLED DAVE.

### Lowering the lights
Need to sort out exposed wires and need to do it properly. 
Suggestion of step ladder instead of lowering lights.
Net lights should go
**ACTION: PLEDGE DRIVE: Decent sized ladder / get new Fahad.**
Bobs stress levels rise. 
Let’s see how we go once we have a decent ladder.


## AOB
#### Waiting for the food. Still not here. 15 minutes before rage.

#### Still haven’t sorted out electrics on the stone wall. 
Quote was put together. Spare circuits we can use. 
Need cable tray and someone who will spend some time doing it. 
£200 got materials including sockets, conducting, RCBs etc
Budget approved for that, waiting for final decision on what we want. 
Need to get a plan started. Ben okay to buy stuff for stone wall to get it started. Optional three phase for weldy/grindy
Discussion on 16A 3 phase and converting welder. 

#### Need to get monthly HTSD day - spending a day where everyone works on the space. 
**ACTION: Social media presence of this**

#### T-shirts:
Conor not doing batch order due to variants.
T-shirt press…..cafepress.
Could do group order?

#### 20:02 Food arrives. 
#### 20:03 Meeting Ends. 

## Actions
Feel free to update if things have changed as these will be reviewed at next meeting!

* [ ] Bob: decision on do we add lock to inner door as well as outer door
* [ ] Flooring team: write/decide on plan for how we will lay it.
* [ ] Harvy/Social Media team: get ideas where we want to go with social. How to attract new members?
* [ ] Rossy/Lucy/Conor: Update flyers with new address, Print out flyers and cut them up. Also stickers.
* [ ] Social Media: get people to volunteer for MakerFest, also promote it to get people to attend as well.
* [ ] Bob to get MakerFest event plan over so that they can start pushing it.
* [ ] Admin: Pledge drive for a decent sized ladder in order to fix lights and lower them. 
* [ ] Social Media: Hack The Space Day - promote this.

