# 2017-09-25 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 3)

#### Date: 25 September 2017 19:00

#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House

## Agenda
* Members Storage & Large Project Storage
  * Members storage is full
  * One box per person policy - enforecement
  * Large project storage is a dumping ground
  * What should the rules around storage actually be
  * How should they be enforced
  * [Historic / Current Guidelines](http://wiki.hacman.org.uk/Storage_Rules#Member.27s_Storage_Guidelines) (at least in theory)
* Metal Area - Garlic bread
  * Should we put the cable trays vertical against the wall or horizontal on brackets away from the wall. Horizontal would be preferred to avoid blocking light with brackets 4 - 6ft apart.
  * Does this question apply to the rest of the space too?
* Open evening
  * Making sure we have someone to introduce / do tours / help people join up every wednesday
  * Making it clear when that person will be around
  * Making it clear to newbs who that person is (BRIGHT PINK HI-VIS?! FLASHY LEDS!! )
* Teams
  * Reviving the idea
  * Already have laser - works well (separate telegram group, open to new members)
  * Proposals for tool team (3D printing), area team (Craft), project team (new wiring), buying team (snackspace/supplies)
  * Teams to have wiki pages ([Team_Template template already done]), and have a Team directory.
  * Team membership to be open (may be subject to training)
  * Teams to report progress to MMMM - two sentences will do, just a position update
* Board Transparency
* Non-transparent board for projects in the space
* Member awards ceremony - annual reflection and awards for: biggest project, most destructive member, best WTF.... etc.
* Should we move? We're 2 years into a 3 year tenancy. Can we find somewhere ground floor and not over a nightclub to relocate to. (Tas and Bob are now crying.)
  * Brunswick mill had space, no idea if it is for let.
  * Perhaps someone could contact the council in the same way Oldham hackspace have had for a cheap place (Brunswick Mill looks like a downgrade from Fallout 4 to Fallout 3)
* Donations - [proposed policy](https://github.com/GregNGM/Donations)
* Grand Exposition Volunteers - people wanted to do it last MMMM, but we need volunteers and cool projects to show - [signup on the List](http://list.hacman.org.uk/t/a-grand-exposition-volunteers-required/2294)

## Proceedings
### Start
* 19:00: Bob is ducking responsbility.
* 19:01: hackwiki, mediawiki, wikileaks, afk. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
* 19:30: New members, literally signed up now. 
* 19:36: Blackboard discussion
* 19:47: Bike shedding cables
* 19:55: Bike shedding end
* 19:56: Food has adjourned meeting
* 19:59: Dog has arrived
* 20:01: Bob pets dog
* 20:31: Team death spike
* 20:44: Bob rolls the laser cutter
* 21:36: This is going on way too long
* 21:41: Standing up time to look at holes in walls

### Blackboard
Everyone happy with the idea. Need to move the shelves. Stuff on the existing shelf can move to other places. 

### Members award
Not sure how this will be organised. Fanafare system (confetti, lights and sound) to be setup for when the awardee should walk through the door. Ummmm yeah.... Who will organise this? Conor should just do it, just give awards at random.

### Cable trays
Wires across the room. Bob prefers flat against the wall. Conduit discussion, do we need that on the cable tray?
Bob has agreed to zip tie LEDS to the cable tray. COOOOONNNNNNNNERRRRRR!!!! Bob has an idea of what he wants the layout to be.

### Open evenings
Have someone who is at the open meeting for a set time 6 - 9pm to show people around and to sign up. Also have a flyer which shows how to sign up. Process is being automated to get new member to sign up. 

**Action: Tas to write up sign up process and get it printed**

## Teams
Team should exist of 'qualified' members. e.g. lathe team should be competent at using the lathe. 

* 3d Print team
* Project(wiring) team
* Craft team

Each team has a telegram group, wiki page. 
Need redudancy in teams. Need to loosen the requirements for training and maybe record session to stop reliance on members.

**Action: One team leader to write up how the team works**

## Donations
Greg has [rules](https://github.com/GregNGM/Donations/blob/master/Donations_Policy.md), please read and see if you agree. Greg read out the list.

**Action: Bin the corridor day**

## Board Transparancy
We want more information from the board, just not by asking board members. Things like number of active members, how bankrupt are we. Talks of Space API / Dashboard.  Quarterly meeting is published on github. Suggestions of trello board for board actions.

## Moving space
Should we move? We are 18 months in 3 years. There could be a chance we would be kicked out if the building is bought out from under us. Talking about the area in general and it's not that safe. People should look out for any new space, so we don't have an issue where we are looking last minute. No rush but it would be good to look.

**Actions: Scout team to be formed** 

**Actions: Move meetings to 7:30pm... I mean 7pm**

## Members storage
Print labels, if it is not labelled throw it. People with more than one have been contacted. Label maker should be available and applied. Everyone has a box and if the membership is expired then the box gets dumped. Corridor shouldn't be used. Buy a load of boxes to resell to members.

**Actions: Members storage guidelines should be rules To be actioned by board**
