# 2017-10-23 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 4)
#### Date: 23 October 2017 19:30
#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HACManchester/Branding/master/Logos/PNG/126/hackspace-dgrey.png)
## Agenda 
### Standing Items
* Reports from teams
  * Board
  * Craft
  * Laser
  * 3D Print
  * Documentation
  * Procurement
  * Electrical
  * Events

### Member Submitted Items
* Heating
  * Oil filled radiator isn't cutting it, can be knocked over/plugged in anywhere
  * Circuit issue remains, extension reels aren't a good solution.
  * Why not use infrared lamps??
  * Benefits are vast:
    * Safe - high up out of reach, away from flammable things, can't fall over/be kicked
    * Dedicated circuit - that can't have other stuff plugged in so no melty moments
    * Heats people and things, not air
    * Can be mounted from ceiling or pillars for good coverage
    * Timer switch for instant heat that doesn't stay on all night or risk being left on
    * With them in place we can forbid plugging in of any heaters!
    * Not expensive! https://www.amazon.co.uk/Firefly-FreeStanding-Resistant-Infared-Electric/dp/B00C2T5WVO/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1507410024&sr=8-1&keywords=outdoor%2Bheat%2Blamp&th=1
* 3D Printer filament proposal
  * Space 3D Printer Filament to be sold by mass of finished parts (propose 4p/g)
  * Failed prints not charged for (absorbed in price of filament)
  * All filament to bear ownership label by $DATE (or something)
  * Limit to personal filament storage (2 reels?)
* Metal area
  * There's been some suggestion that we should close the open gap in the metal area that faces the members storage. So that shelves can be added there. I can cost up the materials but one point of discussion might be if there should be a door fitted in that wall. (Richard)
* Pound coin retirement
  * When will the bank accept old pound coins until?
    * "Until Further Notice"
  * Notices informing that the old coin is not valid for payment? 
  * Last bank run had 2 blatantly obvious fakes
* Need for volunteers for 'A Grand Exposition'
  * Was discussed at the last two MMMMs, with members wanting us to attend
  * The event is this weekend
  * We have too few people to run the event, we need more otherwise we may either have to only attend one day, or pull out entirely.
    * Please message us on the [http://list.hacman.org.uk/t/a-grand-exposition-volunteers-required/2294 list], put yourselves on the [https://doodle.com/poll/qhiwz3n93vky3499 Doodle Poll], or poke me on the telegram group - @badspyro
* HTSD
  * As per the telegram discussion the other day
  * Skip
  * Date

## Proceedings
### Start
* 19:29 Chair formally opens meeting
* 19:30 Chair adjourns meeting temporarily to allow for food order to be eaten
* 19:30 Chair squeaks
* 19:51 "Girl From Ipanema" plays to indicate start of meeting
* 19:52 Cone lied about inability to stop the music

### Reports from teams
* Board: none given and none present
* Craft: none given and none present
* Laser: pew pew. Not much to report, all going well, taking money in, new matieral order may be required shortly.
* 3D: Mendel 90 working well, to be taken to Grand Exposition. Mendel Max undergoing rebuild of Pi, to be finished within next month
* Documentation: going slowly, not much to report.
* Procurement: Costco run was done for snackspace. Greg has done stocktake and full money count. POS system in progress. Cash & Carry cards in locker shortly. Daniel makes offer to collect from Booker and Rossy formally requests more Irn Bru.
* Electrical: none given and none present
* Events: Grand Exposition at Cornbrook Creative this weekend at Talbot Mill. Mendel will be borught. LEDs hopefully too. Details on the forum, still time for people to sign up. Newcastle Maker Faire in April - call for members! **Action: Post call for hackers to attend on the forum** Contact events team if you want to join. 
* Walls: Weldy Grindy opening facing member storage to be walled off to allow for more storage on one side and space on the other for machinery. No door in the new wall needed. Lights to be moved forwards off the wall. 
20:04: whhhhhhrrrrrr from Woody Dusty, assumed agreement.

### Member Submitted Items
* Heating
  * Will be mounted on a wall or pillar, benefits are vast
  * Dust isn't a concern given dust generating tools are in own room.
  * Can ban plug in heaters once they are up
  * Cost - ~£30 per heater, RCD required, wiring required.
  * Pledge drive http://wiki.hacman.org.uk/index.php?title=Pledges/Infrared_Heater
* 3D printer filament proposal
  * May need to be postponed until board present
  * People who don't print often don't need a whole kilo of filament
  * The proposal is to formalise the system for space filament - 4p/g of finished print = £40/kg of filament bought. Fund to maintain the printers and people who want to bring their own still can
  * Need to distinguish space from personal filament - labels, colour coded for example could be used. A limit of two reels per person by the printer per user may be needed and then use member storage for more. 
  * We will need board approval, notice to members, and a deadline to label all personal filament

* Pound coin retirement
  * **Action: print notices informing that old £1 not accepted**
  * Last bank run included 2 obviously fake coins

* HTSD!!!!
  * Bin the space day?
  * Aim to get a skip and clean the corridor good and hard
  * **Action: post on forum, with doodle to get a date set in the calendar**
  * Once done: **Action: organise skip**
* No submissions from afar

## AOB
* What is the rough timeline on the welding? 
  * Door alarm needs sorting for door to open.
  * Need advising on paint required. Need to seal the wall on the left hand side. 
  * Fan out the door for extraction would be suitable. Extraction through window would be nice. 
* What can he help with to accelerate?
  * Build the new wall (by member storage), paint, electricity. 
* Pledge run for appropriate PPE, including welding curtains.Wall can be put up. 
* Regarding PPE: do we have disposable face masks: all been disposed
* Dust masks for sale?
  * No
  * Not for sale, as we want anything free for people to use. 
  * Could sell premium dust masks. 
  * **Procurement action: purchase of dust mask.** 
* Wood lathe needs to be fully de-rusted and assembled, and people trained in how to use it. 
  * Discussions on how to accommodate it in woody dusty including moving middle bench. No objections. 
* Daniel is done. 
* Fake grass for snackspace. In absence of donations team, Rossy volunteered to bring in and lay.

ENDS