# 2018-10-01 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 14)
#### Date: <Monday 1st October>
#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House
#### Minutes taken by <BunnyGirl>
#### 19:36.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HACManchester/Branding/master/Logos/PNG/126/hackspace-dgrey.png)
## Agenda 
no objections form the last meeting
### Standing Items
* Reports from teams
  * Board
  First month of the new board. STill finding feet. and first board meeting tomorrow. Looking into expenses.
  * Craft
  Things are ok
  * Laser
  Briefly out of sevice, due to pulley. Greg has replace and made things and it works. rebuilding X axis is a pain. Ian got sprayed with water for tangent pun and being like Greg.  
  * 3D Print
  still need to level and bed adheision issues. 
  * Documentation
  no changes
  * Procurement
  snackspace run done nd people ate it all. Considering changes to the snackspace budget.
  * Electrical 
  Heaters must only be plugged in a wall socket. Not to use leads that are still wrapped.
  * Events
  Derby is coming, a few more people needed. 
  * Social
  put on twitter and Facebook, getting a lot of likes and notifications.
  * Wood
  Still dusty. 

### Member Submitted Items

suggetstion that laser training and maintenece. 

Posting on mailig list and telegram 24 hours before, taken out of service so training can be done (people can use withtin the 24 hour warnring period.), same for cleaning and maintenence. TRY IT WITH THE TRAINING and see what happens.

consider booking system for long jobs, might set up expectations that sometimes will fail.

Fire inspection had. We need to clean the area, once the lift is fixed then we can clear out the space. 

Ian cannot remember what his buisness was, already done.

Next meeting will be at 19:30 on November 5th.

Greg has sat down.

Meeting ended 19;54
