# 2018-03-26 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 8)
#### Date: 26 March 2018
#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House
#### Minutes taken by Skynoodle
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HACManchester/Branding/master/Logos/PNG/126/hackspace-dgrey.png)
## Agenda 
### Standing Items
* Reports from teams
  * Board
  * Craft
  * Laser
  * 3D Print
  * Documentation
  * Procurement
  * Electrical
  * Events
  * Social
  * Wood

### Member Submitted Items
* Remote control stop for 3D Printer accessible to maintainers only.
Simply will let a maintainer to see whats happening on the print bed and request to stop.
Once the stop is sent it will be logged with photo taken of print in-case of misuse (willing
to do this as a telegram bot, if i got permision) - MF
* Reminder that next month's MMMM is NOT HAPPENING, and the one after (and from then on) will
happen on the FIRST Monday of the Month 


### Submissions from afar 

## Proceedings
### Start
19:56
### Approval of previous minutes
Approved
### Reports from teams
* Board: Fine, a couple of notices put out to people. We have insurance!
* Craft: No report
* Laser:
  * New joystick has been ordered, will be fitted once it arrives. Should be more reliable. Long-standing hardware fault.
  * Long engrave bug. Pending investigation
  * No other known issues.
* 3D Print: Currently in pieces. Greg fixing issues.
* Documentation: No report
* Procurement:
  * Been a snackspace run, needs to be another soon.
  * Current issue with crisp packs being damaged. Non-human creatures consuming crisps without paying
* Electrical: No report, query about new wiring. One of benches in Woody Dusty fuse failed, being replaced
* Events:
  * Makers Faire next month
    * PCBees almost done, ready to prototype in next couple of days.
    * Funding application has received replied - should have decision within "a few weeks".
  * Another event month after in Manchester
* Social: No report
* Wood: No report

### Member Submitted Items
#### Remote control stop for 3D printer
  Plan to do this, should be within a few days. "Soon".
#### MMMM Schedule change
  * No meeting in April. Changing to first Monday of each month, starting from 7th May. __ACTION (All): Notify people of this__
    * Suggested to move to the Tuesday on that week due to Bank Holiday - will be subject to Doodle poll. __ACTION (Greg): Create Doodle poll.__
  * Proposed trial of remote attendance postponed to next meeting, lack of important items in this agenda
### Submissions from afar
_None_
### AOB
_None_

20:08 concluded.

