# 2018-05-07 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 9)

#### Date: 07 May 2018

#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House

#### Minutes taken by Cone

## Agenda

### Standing Items
* Reports from teams
  * Board
  * Craft
  * Laser
  * 3D Print
  * Documentation
  * Procurement
  * Electrical
  * Events
  * Social
  * Wood

### Member Submitted Items
* Summary of what MMMM is and isn't - is a regular meting, is not something that has any particular power.
* Do we want to sell PCBees to members? Or let people sell them as kits/assembled/just boards? If so do we want to discuss pricing?
* The more people that come to MakeFest the better. It's freaking awesome.

### Submissions from afar 

## Proceedings
### Start
19:30:15
### Approval of previous minutes
Approved
### Reports from teams
* Board: Business as usual, nothing to report. Board would like to thank members who took part in Maker Faire for their efforts, the event took in over £690!
* Craft: No report
* Laser:
  * New joystick has been ordered, will be fitted once it arrives. Should be more reliable. Long-standing hardware fault.
  * Long engrave bug still there
  * Cable tied coiled tube to prevent motor stalling.
* 3D Print: It's about to run, at the time of meeting. Everything has been fine with it.
* Documentation: "Nope". No report.
* Procurement:
  * Rossy did a run, people keep bying things which is good. 
  * Darth vendor to be put on Free Vend with honesty slot. For MDB, speak to Nottingham space. 
* Electrical: We still have lighting.
* Events:
  * MakerFaire was FUCKING AWESOME!
  * MakeFest coming up, so call for members to attend. 
  * Greg to sort system to pace people out.
  * Ellen takes Alex's box, declares "mine now".
  * Discussion of batteries from IKEA
    * Meatballs?
* Social: Twitter is a thing. Discussions on how awful Birmingham New St begin, and go one for some time. Discussion of rail industry is stowed so the meeting can continue.
  * Another complaint about Pacers
* Wood: "Has anyone got wood?"
  * Richard: "Um"
  * Lathe has gone in!
  * Wood lathe almost there!
  * Waiting for PPE pledge drive, someone needs to go and buy them.
  * Wiki page updates for the shelves, Richard to ask for money back. 
  * Red bandsaw rehbilitated, green bandsaw still fucked. 
  * Someone AGAIN stolen the plastic bit that fits into the aluminiom extrusion on the guide of the table saw. 
  * Greg is 3D printing a new one.
  * Action: Oops posters!
  * Discussion on eye protection being mandatory at all times in woody dusty, stems from the wood lathe risk assessment. Needs more thought of the wood lathe. 
    * Tools can throw things across the room
    * Action for wood team: consider.

### Member Submitted Items
#### MMMM - what it is and isn't 
  * Informal power but no formal power.
  * Acts as a heartbeat
  * Community still exists and is alive
  * Board listens to the outcome of the MMMM, and what the members say. 
  * It can set its own rules, Parlimentary style. 
  * Discussion goes back to Pacers, and whether we can get to Birmingham on a pacer.
    * NOT GOING HERE.
#### Do we want to sell PCBees to members?
  * Sell in vending? 
  * If members want to add value and sell for higher, that's up to them. 
  * If they want to donate that's fine. 
### Submissions from afar
_None_
### AOB

* Formation of metal team!
  * Weldy Grindy telegram chat. 
  * Consists of whoever can be bother.
  * New pilar drill, needs new capacitor.


* We formally ban mice from the space for theft of edible products. 
  * Things need to be kept in boxes. 
  * This all stemmed from cooking in the space and JIT (Just In Time) washing up practices. Now we don’t have a cooker because insurance we should prevent food being left out. 
  * Please take a bin out if you see bin bags. 
  * Action: print out directions on how to find big bins. 

* Sportsball next Wednesday. 

* Realisation that in weldy grindy, people had wandered off and no realisation that everyone had gone. 
  * If you are leaving someone in the space by themselves, please tell them so they know they are lone working. 
  * “Dear members please have basic social skills”

* Member storage? 
  * Tas working on writing something up, to put to membership. 
  * Something for next MMMM.

* Next meeting at 4th June 2018 19:30.

* Meeting ends and Wilhelm screen begins.

20:08 concluded.
