# 2018-07-02 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 11)
#### Date: 02 July 2018
#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House
#### Minutes taken by Bunny Girl
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/HACManchester/Branding/master/Logos/PNG/126/hackspace-dgrey.png)
## Agenda 
### Standing Items
* Reports from teams
  * Board
  * Craft
  * Laser
  * 3D Print
  * Documentation
  * Procurement
  * Electrical
  * Events
  * Social
  * Wood

### Member Submitted Items
* Electricity costs
  * Landlady is installing or has installed, a meter. This is because the new building owners have started charging her electricity costs.
  * Costs will go up this winter with heaters on, which previously we'd been getting for free
  * Talk of 15p/kwh (not official!)
* End of Lease is in less than a year
  * Do we want to stay?
  * We should look at other units for comparison on what we're paying and getting     working group of people to do viewings and speak to current/future landlord to prevent pissing people off. Everyone welcome to suggest new places.
Decide how we want to go about it
* wood lathe
  * what needs doing in for the wood lathe to function: warning sign training ex.. this is so wood dusty can organising finishing these matters.
* blade server, Alex b will report about the progress of the blade server and cover some   * issues people have raised
  * what and why
  * issue of electricity costs
  * placement and noise
* kitchen
  * calling for an one extra hand for in fitting the cabinets to the kitchen


## Proceedings
### Start
19:20
Minute to fuss the dog.
Dog is fussed over.

### Approval of previous minutes
Approved
### Reports from teams
* Board: 
  * Same shit different month 
  * The board would like to thank everyone who helped at Makefest, it was excellent, professional and everyone worked very hard. 
* Craft: 
  * new cabinet works. Old Cabinet needs to go, ask Spiro about removal ASAP. 
* Laser:
  * Cutter was cleaned amd works well. 
  * Needs instructions printed out and offer repeat inductions. 
  * Take discussion to Telegram and discuss further. Turn off cooler and you will be hunted by Team Laser!!!
* 3D Print:
  * Seems fine, sticking on bed but seems fine. 
  * May need a small amount of attention as cannot get the print to stick to the printing bed. Fix needed!!!
* Documentation: No report, none present.
* Procurement:
  * Jason and Rossy did hackspace run
  * Pepesi Max and ramen needed. 
  * Still being eaten by rodents, need more boxes for the food, need to get the mice to pay for the food they eat. 
  * More water.  
* Electrical: Cable tray aquired and needs installation, needs to be put on the metal area. Doodle a weekend for a “bin the space Day”. 
* Events:
  * Makefest was a success, BunnyGirl did well. 
  * Bee late, evening funded to make and give bees for free (£1 a bee for 200), 3 table and soldering stations to be there, doodle posted. 
  * Buiness cards need to be printed, or found.
* Social: 
  * Instagram accout not accessible. BunnyGirl made “Spokesperson”. 
* Wood: 
  * Disc sanders not having paper, using elcro to sand things. 
  * NOT WHEELCHAIR ACESSIBLE. 
  * Shuffle of the Wood area needed and risk assesment needed. 
  * No spring on the pillar drill. 
  

### Member Submitted Items
#### Electricity Costs

Landlady is installing meters. The building owners are charing her and she would like to get the costst back so she will be charging us for the electircity as of now!

#### End of lease
Stay or go in the questions. 
* Active viewing needed for Board and a few members needed to go and view and get ideas/form contacts. Few people doing it provides single point of contact and keeps everyone on same page.
* No being on fire to be allowed in the new place if we choose to go. 
* Publsh spreadsheet of places to view up. 
* Shortlisting needs to be started soon with the prospectinve spaces to be voted on. 

Members questions. 

* Can we get a place the we feel safe in?
  * Yes, we can. We ned to get a place the will not look the way the developers want. 

#### Wood lathe
* What needs doing to make the Wood lathe useable?
  * Risk assesment, training plan and spooling up and working will be needed. 
  * Also, we need to have a warning sign  for the lathe as well as a face shield. 
  * ONLY people who have been trained should have cces to the chisels (lockable storage needed for that). 

#### Alex's Server build questions. 
Blade server wold like to build the server as experince would be essential. Only place to put it in toilet. £110 needed to spend on it. For noise I will need to put I in an appropriate enclosure. This would allow members to have access to node for computational power on a rental basis. Blog needed to be set up. Informantion needed on request from Alex.
 
#### Kitchen build. 
Extra hands to fit them, forum questions needed. Things need to be fitted, one afternoon needed for  build. 



### AOB
* A date needed for the Save the space day. 
  * Saturday 28th July and 4th august  are the suggested dates. 

* Cinema Obscura
  * Set a doodle to decide the day of the week for it to happen.

2025, Meeting ends