# 2018-02-26 Member Meeting Minutes (MMMMM 7)

#### Date: 26 Feb 2018

#### Location: Hacman, Wellington House

#### Minutes taken by CrazyBunnyLady

## Agenda
1. approving for minutes on meeting. ALL APPROVE
2. reports form teams

board-new ownership of mill, elecricity is being looked at, try and be careful on the amout you use. (caution)

### Report From Teams
craft-nothing

laser-nothing

3D print team- second machine to be fixed, Filament seems to be working (payment method, change needed in payment jar maybe). 

Documentation- no report. 

Procurement- snackpace run done and selling things, paper bought for printer. Budget to remain same in admin

Maintenence- nothing

electrical- another cable to be put in place but things need shifting and cable tray installed beofre work can start. Wiring status, needs to be signed off and that is all. 

Events- Planning the Makerfaire ( a few samll projects for people to bring rather than one big thing)

Social- nothing

Wood- Building a bench for the wood lathe, swapped plugs round. Sanding machine squeals and stops. Wheel the sapce day needed. Had as play with the plaber thicknesser and we have iot working better than was before. 2 bandsaws, If trained on old bandsaws then you are allowed to use the new ones (RED one out of order due to blade issues!). DO NOT USE WOOD ON THE METAL LATHE!!!
Emergency stops neede on the tools, we need to look into that but cannot use the cheap ones and needs a relay system due to power and inductive loads. BE CAREFUL TILL FURTHER NOTICE.

### Member Submitted Items

Induction-More detailled induction process needed with regard to health and safety! As to the process needs to be discussed with the woody dusty team (board to monitor them). Teams need to be responsible to induct members. Shortage of induction people in the woody dusty team. The teams need to look into that and see if it is to be suitable for them. Action for the Wood team, get trained and train others!

Storage- Proposal, One space per member, labels needed on ALL boxes or disposal by board will happen (compliance labels to be printed and placed on non-compliant items by the board then after 2 months notice disposal will happen, also bigger box of shame to be possible.) . Big storgae to be put outside the area. 

Hackspace day- Table for the CAMM 3 machine to be swapped and need a 2+ person lift to get it done. New table being made for drill press/bench grinder,  Weight issues with the mesh storage/ metal working area, 3D printed brackets to be installed to reinforce that. Bowing roof in metal area, We need to get things removed from there (dispose of brackets stored on there and put in donated items area). DO NOT STORE A LOT OF THINGS ON THE METAL WORK OR WALK ON THE AREA ROOF!!!!

Darren has offered an Anycubic Kossel printer, possible place for it next to the vacuum former, to the left of the power supply. View would be to accept subject to member reviews trial within a few months (Meeting in May to reveiew the anycubic Kossel pinter's keeping). USB or SD could be used to control it with a octoprint and a Pi. 

MS- offer of donation of melamine faced PLY (20mm thick).

Ian Olton- Set up a Google hangouts WebChat for remote members. Possible implementation via webcams and microphone, Micheal could donate the use of his 4G mobile to use as “conference call” facility and hot-spot. Action a possible trial as long as the technical issues can be adressed ( March MMMM “video call” trial to go ahead as long as camera consent is also adressed and consent for filming is given for members to be filmed!!!). 

Request for Board- Treasurer has requested that we have the MMMM at the beginning of the month intead move it to the 1st Monday. March to be on the 4th Monday, then skip April and then have the MMMM in the 1st Monday in May.

Discussion into the Decision making process- 3D printing to be moved and the fiament use to  be changed,There were no complaints. Members filament box to be moved to the members storage are when the are is cleared ( Hackspace filament box to stay where it is).

Hackcess- Nothing known or need to be chatted about.

Date for the next Hackspace day- No date yet, we will stick up the possible dates on telegram. 

All the things that were on the agenda as of the cut-off of last friday have been discussed. 

END OF THE MEETING 20:36.
