# 2023-12-04
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2023-12-04, 19:00 - 22:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** Board meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hackspace Manchester  

## Attendees
People who attended:

* PR
* JS
* JC
* HA
* RJ
* BD

## Agenda Items

| Item           | Description                                                                              |
| :------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Consent        | to recording for minuting purposes                                                       |
| Finance        | Banking strategy, Accounts (21/22 discrepancy and 22/23 due), Corp tax amendment, Remaining challenges |
| Infrastructure | Storage (physical), Internet upgrade, Waste removal, Expanding heating                 |
| Membership     | Social media, Christmas party, Hack the Space Day, MOSI event                          |
| Development    | Whether it’s worth considering other business types (CIC or charitable status)          |
| Secretary      | Publishing of old minutes, Board emails, Elections process, Board comms, Document storage, Q1 Members meeting |
| Chair          | Aims for 2024, Any current issues in subgroups                                           |
| Subgroups        |                                                                                          |

## Discussion
* **Finance:**
    * Online vote for accepting Natwest to be main accounts - passed
    * Accounts require missing Barclays statements and clarification on a 2k discrepancy. Co-op accounts status needs checking.
    * Corporation tax likely not owed for the last year due to member-to-member transactions, potential for recovering past payments discussed. Decision made to add this to the handover guide.
    * Banking strategy involves ensuring all board members have access to Natwest, potentially opening Co-op access to more members, limiting single signatory withdrawals, looking into higher interest accounts, and updating Natwest with director details. Rent increase estimated, service charge negotiation status unclear. Discussion on the size of the 6-month safety net needed.
* **Infrastructure:**
    * Heating expansion requested for VA; seen as important for member experience and safety.
    * Internet upgrade possible now bank account is sorted. BD may assist.
    * Waste disposal arranged with Emerge, seen as a way to reduce volunteer burnout on menial tasks.
    * End date for large storage agreed as May 3rd, with clear guidelines to be established.
* **Membership:**
    * HTS went well, Halloween was rushed. Social media activity (posters, thank yous) discussed. Health and Safety concerns raised regarding timed infrastructure tasks during HTS; suggested focusing HTS on cosmetic tasks.
    * Christmas party mostly organized; supplies for hebecon needed.
    * MOSI event handover discussed; concerns about potential last-minute issues.
* **Development:**
    * Consideration of other business types (CIC/Charity) deferred.
    * Look into posibility of accountant
* **Secretary:**
    * Board email responsiveness discussed; potential for role-based emails and better filing suggested.
    * Election process communication needs improvement, particularly regarding nomination requirements. Suggestions included a hustings event and aligning voting with AGM.
    * Intra-board communication discussed, emphasizing forum use for important matters. Forum needs subgroup audit and email reply fix.
    * Large proposals section added to the forum; need for strategic discussion on large purchases agreed.
    * Document storage discussed, including implementing a WYSIWYG editor ('tina cms'), backup strategy, digitizing/storing records, and documentation guidelines.
* **Chair:**
    * Aims for 2024 include more corporate sponsorship and improving the space's comfort/stability.
* **Subgroup Issues:**
    * **3D printing:** Resin printers need setup; longer-term plan for ventilated partition discussed.
    * **CNC:** Needs updated software; no interest in big CNC.
    * **Metal:** Welding progressing; potential big costs upcoming.
    * **Wood:** Ownership of loaned equipment needs tracing.
    * **VA:** Storage limitations; ambition for drafting table and screen printing setup.
    * **Laser cutting:** Gas struts needed for blue laser lid.
    * **Bikespace/Electronics:** No known issues.
    * **Lab:** Need to determine current use and integrate contents; Periklis suggested as contact.
    * **Snackspace:** Currently stocked only by Ben; payment method discussed.
* **AOB:**
    * Agreed to pay £400-£500 for fire alarm servicing.
    * Electrics to be sorted.
    * JC's last meeting noted.

## Actions
To be copied to trello (Note: Due dates were not specified in the document)

| Item                                                                   | Responsible                 | Due Date     |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------- | :----------- |
| Find missing Barclays statements                                       | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Find state of co-op accounts                                           | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Find out about 2k discrepancy in accounting                            | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Add corporation tax info to handover guide                           | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Open co-op access to other members                                    | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Limit single signatory withdrawals                                    | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Look at higher interest stores                                        | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Update NATWEST with current directors' details                        | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Determine 6 month safety net amount                                   | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Research heating methods                                              | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Bring in blankets                                                     | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Buy supplies for hebecon                                              | Joe (Implied)               | (Unspecified) |
| Look into possibility of accountant                                   | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Look into stack overflow type stuff on discord                        | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Look at role based emails                                             | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Set up custom signatures                                              | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Tidy up constitution                                                  | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Audit subgroup member lists and make sure they’re up to date         | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Fix email reply feature on forum                                      | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Test/implement WYSIWYG editor for git ('tina cms')                   | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Set up WYSIWYG meeting                                                | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Backup/resilience strategy                                            | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Digitize wood records                                                 | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Identify non-digitize records needing to be physical                  | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Buy all-in-one laser                                                  | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Set basic guidelines for new documentation, software                  | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Look how to apply for community/culture funding                       | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Work out large purchases budget                                       | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Trace ownership of loaned/unrecorded wood equipment                   | Peter (Implied)             | (Unspecified) |
| Work out where drafting table could go                                | (Unspecified)               | (Unspecified) |
| Find out what’s in the Lab                                            | Harvy (to talk to Periklis) | (Unspecified) |