Meeting Planning
----------------

### To Discuss/Work On

-   Water Theremin
-   SMD Oven
-   Fitting Storage Lock

Main Meeting
------------

### Attendees

-   Bob (parag0n)
-   Tom (TBSliver)
-   Ben (bjdooks)
-   Lois
-   Alan
-   Paul (Tallscreen), and...
-   Alex made a very late appearance, after manning the Project-A-Sketch
    at Contact Theatre

### Discussions

Paul mentioned loads of stuff he got for the space, but didn't actually
bring with him.

*Anything major discussed? put here, including comments and from who*

### Projects

*Who was working on what? pictures and comments welcome!*

### Comments and other notes

[Category:Meeting Notes](Category:Meeting_Notes "wikilink")