Meeting Planning
----------------

### To Discuss/Work On

-   **Under stairs storage** - Check if electric strike fits mortice,
    create power board for strike
-   **Mame Machine** - quick freeplay button/mode. Also look at new RFID
    credit system
-   **Project-a-sketch** - assemble

Main Meeting
------------

### Attendees

Bob, Alex, Tom, Bruce (new arrival), Paul
([Tallscreen](user:tallscreen "wikilink")), Lois

### Discussions

*Anything major discussed? put here, including comments and from who*

-   H<sub>2</sub>audiO - Need to test that it will actually work

### Projects

*Who was working on what? pictures and comments welcome!*

-   [Tallscreen](user:tallscreen "wikilink")
    -   Fixed a batten in the cupboard under the stairs to attach a
        light-fitting to, and drilled hole for the cable.
    -   Donated some new USB cables and component storage boxes.
    -   Read a Wired article about absinthe!
-   [parag0n](user:parag0n "wikilink")
    -   Breadboarded darlington + relay output circuit for RFID system
    -   Brought electric strike
    -   With [TBSliver](user:TBSliver "wikilink"), modified strike to
        work with cupboard's mortice lock
    -   Drank club mate cola

### Comments and other notes

Dumbass Awards:

-   Alex - x3
-   Tom - x2

[Category:Meeting Notes](Category:Meeting_Notes "wikilink")