The MMMM (Members Monthly Monday Meeting) is a monthly meeting on the
**First** Monday of each month at 19:00 that all members of the space
are invited to. We discuss issues relevant to our community, including
project updates, events, decisions, infrastructure and policy changes.
Meetings are ended with direction for the upcoming month and wind up
with social time.

**If there is something you’d like to discuss, please add it to the
Agenda below**, this aims to keep discussions on track and away from
Bikeshedding. The meetings aren’t compulsory and members are invited to
attend.

Hackspace Manchester, Wellington House, Pollard Street, Manchester, M40
7FS

MMMM Process
------------

-   The month before the MMMM, points can be added to this page (under
    "Member submitted items") by any member to be discussed
-   At the MMMM, this page will be referenced. Team updates will be
    requested, and all points will be discussed by the Chair.
-   The minute taker will then write minutes, and upload them to the
    MMMMM Github repo, see the links above.
-   Once the minutes have been published, the Member Submitted Items
    will be replaced with \`\* <Your items here>\`
-   The group chat and forum should then be updated with links to the
    minutes.

Next Meeting Agenda
-------------------

### Standing items

Please do not remove these as they are required at each meeting

-   Approval of minutes for last meeting
-   Reports from teams
    -   Board
    -   Craft
    -   Laser
    -   3D Print
    -   Documentation
    -   Procurement
    -   Electrical
    -   Events
    -   Social
    -   Wood

### Member submitted items

-   Haccess Update Request: Please can we have an update on haccess. Who
    is looking after it? Was the plan to integrate it into tool access
    still planned?

<!-- -->

-   New members form, ideally we need something short and sweet (that
    fits on a single sheet of A4) we can print off and hand to people on
    Wednesday's maybe a glossy flyer or something. I tried creating a
    page here [New_Members](New_Members "wikilink") but I'm not sure if
    that's appropriate - Richard
-   I don't mind people painting the space, but I'd like for it not to
    look a mess (like the side of a London Underground toilet) can we
    add in some sort of advisory to the Citizen Hacman document to at
    least discuss it first before hand? At the very least we need to be
    careful if someone decides to paint the tools - Richard

Previous Meeting's Minutes
--------------------------

Minutes are written up and uploaded to the GitHub repo as a markdown
file named by the date the meeting was on.
<https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM>

### 2018

-   [2018-08-13](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2018-08-13.md)
-   [2018-07-02](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2018-07-02.md)
-   [2018-06-04](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2018-06-04.md)
-   [2018-05-07](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2018-05-07.md)
-   [2018-03-26](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2018-03-26.md)
-   [2018-02-26](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2018-02-26.md)
-   [2018-01-22](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2018-01-22.md)

### 2017

-   [2017-11-27](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2017-11-27.md)
-   [2017-10-24](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2017-10-24.md)
-   [2017-09-25](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2017-09-25.md)
-   [2017-08-29](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2017-08-29.md)
-   [2017-07-24](https://github.com/HACManchester/MMMMM/blob/master/2017-07-24.md)