# 2015-10-22

Present all



## Actions:

- Micro-USB cables - CH
- Insurance!! - all
- Chem cabinet - all
- Risk assessments - all
- Bank account - BC/TK
- Bookmarks - BC to talk to previous designer AFTER move



## Departmental updates:

### Infrastructure - BC/BD

- Laser Cutter up and running
- Dishwasher installed

### Purchasing - CH/BD

- Things have been bought, nothing particularly spectacular.
- Keep an eye on consumables budget

### Membership - KR

- **Sotira Trifourki**
 - reclaimed all of their membership payments via DD guarantee for the whole time they were a member. This has not been resolved the person in question may not re-enter the space.
 - CH to submit small claims request for return of monies.
 - Banned - subject to repayment of monies owed, and future payments being made via cash.

Passed - unanimous.

- **Rohan Bokhoree**
 - abuse of space, request has been submitted that they not be allowed to return. IF they re-apply to become a member we will re-visit this.

Passed - unanimous

ACTION - GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE && BANNED LIST WITH REASONS



## Update on actions:

### document how things work

Started this process

- wiki updates
- signs for actions e.g. how to put bins out

### talk to Sarah about accounts.

TK - done, she's not available. Need a new plan.

### Business Cards - TK

- not yet completed.



## AOB

### Grievance policy raised by KR

Needs to be looked at in a longer form than we could in a single meeting.

CH to lead on fleshing out a grievance policy.

### Change of voting procedures to allow voting via either email or telegram, to be applied to all votes from inception of board raised by KR

Passed: unanimous

### Insurance raised by TK

- we need to change several things in the document and go back to the broker to see what impact that has on the quote.
- whole board to action within the next 10 days.

Passed: unanimous

### Lone worker policy raised by KR

- we need one
- we need to implement it
- to be actioned within the next 10 days
- BC to lead

### Space 3 raised by BC

- consolidate the existing suggested spaces lists into a spreadsheet (KR will lead):
 - geographical area
 - square footage
 - price
 - letting agent
- put a shout out for members to join in with operation find a new space
- get deets from consolidated list so we can start doing viewings
