# 2019-02-05
## Hackspace Manchester Board Meeting Minutes

## 5th February 2019 | Philips Park Fire Station

Meeting started 18:35

### Review of Minutes from Last Meeting / Action Points

Minutes approved - Everyone **Action - Greg to merge Pull Request**

### Finance

**Bank Mandate** - Progress - Greg goes aaaaah due to exams he hasn't yet been into Barclays   ***Action: Greg to go speak to barclays***

**Accountant** -  Still work in progress 

**Maria Email** - Chris made a mistake and overpaid this month's payment by about £250. Agreed to put this towards outstanding electrical bill **Action Chris to email Maria**

### Membership

**New Member Induction.** - Discussion around using Moodle for new member induction where members fob's wont be active until they complete it. **Board voted 5-0 to implement this / Amendment proposed to give current members 6 months to complete this and was agreed by everyone**

**Tool Induction.** - Discussion around using moodle for tool inductions, this is currently a work in progress **Board voted to make moodle our official training platform, agreed to get all trainers together to run through new training processes ACTION Rossy to arrange this**

**Citizen Hacman Agreement.** - Quick review of the latest proposed changes to the rewrite of the rules and code of conduct. **Board voted to adopt this new version with some small changes**


### Governance

**23 Radium Street -** Discussion on possible move to this location, **Board voted to take this forward as our first choice of property and that a tiger team will be formed to manage the move including logistics, infrastructure, layout etc**

## Items raised by Membership / Follow on from MMMM

None 

## AORB

**Open Evening Sheet** Greg proposed idea of a sheet that outlined tasks needed to be done prior and after an open evening alongside a tick sheet of how people found the space so we can collect useful data **Action Greg to create sheet**

**#MadeAtHacman** Discussion around new members wanting to see things that have been created at the Hackspace. Agreed to purchase ikea display unit (and possibly Lack Table) to create a display area for members to display items they have created alongside an area for people to photograph items and post them to a gallery on the website/twitter/facebook using the #tag **Action Rossy & Greg to implement/go to ikea (oh the hardship of that)**

**Member Complaint**  Discussion took place regarding the behaviour/actions of a member recently that felt violated the space code of conduct. **Action Mike/Ellen to write warning email to the member in question**

**10 years of Hackspace** This year marks 10 years of the formation of the Hackspace as Stockport Hackspace and then later HACMAN agreed that we should do something to celebrate this **Action Events team to look at an event around September **

**Action Greg to create sheet**

**Next Meeting** Next meeting date will be the 9th of April **Action Rossy to book room**
MEETING CLOSES 20:20
