# 2024-01-29
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-01-29, 19:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** board meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hackspace 

## Attendees
People who attended:

- HA - Chair
- PR
- RJ
- JS
- BD
- JC arrived later

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Chair | • Discuss best way to capture actioned items
Docs access for general members i.e. risk assessment
Introducing decision records
Secretary | • Dealing with obsolete/sensitive data on public sites
Should the forum be private?
Treasurer | • 21/22 accounts submitted
Update on corp tax amendment
Overview of finances through 2023
Infrastructure | • Updates 
Heating
Internet / Networking
Anything else to sign off - HA
Emergency ingress / egress
Ingress (emergency services, board keyholders)
Egress (exit maps, signage, clear exits, door locks / overrides?)
Eye wash station in kitchen
Resin in sink
Large storage
Membership | • Social media update<br>• Blue cross<br>• Kids Easter event<br>• HTSD Feedback<br>• EMF<br>• Build community
Development | • Update on rent change
Digital | 
Incident since last meeting | • Jason and his BBQ and tanks - HA
Laserzzzzz - HA
3D printer setup - HA
Wood | New bandsaw
Ownership of tools
Dust extraction progress
CNC | Compressor purchase proposal
Storage | 
3D printing | • New printers and relocation - HA<br> • Resin and safety - RJ,HA
Electronics |
Metalwork - Welding |
VA | Lasers - HA
Lab | PR
Snackspace |
Parkspace |
AoB | • Arrange next members meeting HA<br> • Large investments / purchase proposals<br> • Do we have a directors calendar / reminder system and should we have one? - HA<br> • Clear money boxes, why - HA<br> • Building a sense of community - RJ
Incentivising / encouraging recurring events? - RJ

## Discussion
### Chair
__What's the best way to captire items?__<br>
Currently we are using trello. PR pointed out there are two Trello instances and the old one has been linked from the docs up to now. It appears at least some of the board have admin access to the old Trello instance.
__TODO: Combine Trello instances__

__How are we sharing risk assessments?__<br>
A number of requests have been made to access/edit risk assessments. Currently it's not obvious enough for members how to access them but also it seems like currently with sharing we share them editable, and we should be more selective with this.
__TODO: Final should be viewable, draft should be editable__
__TODO: Sort out decision documents__

__Backup Strategy__<br>
We don't currently have a formal strategy for retaining our documents

Get all in one laser

__Role based emails__
HA has done work on this, but now receives more spam

_[JC arrived at this point]_

__Heating to be discussed for next year__
Heating seems to be ok up to now, but for next year we should talk about possible upgrades

### Secretary
__Private stuff is in docs__<br>
PR gave example of the banned list, which should maybe not be public

__People had been reluctant to post on the forum as it was public to the internet__<br>
RJ has now made this private

__TODO Board minutes should be published__

__Can we access private stuff when we should?__<br>
PR was concerned that it wasn't actually obvious how to access a members' emergency details in the case there was an emergency. Apparently this can be accessed by using 'edit' on the user profiles, but this isn't obvious.

__Should we be checking ID?__<br>
JC mentioned that In Bristol hackspace ID is checked. This was discussed briefly but no actions were determined in this meeting.

__TODO The internet is still intermittent after speed updates. Need to check router is working__

### Treasurer
__HMRC tax return was submitted, companies house wasn't?__<br>
Apparently we will be getting a fine.
__TODO add extra checks to process in guide__

__Corporation tax__<br>
Apparently we owe nothing.
Not looked into amendment/refund for last year.

__Summary of expenses for previous year__<br>
* Supposed to be bringing in £4800 	
* Slightly less: about £4400 (possibly fees etc)
* Considering all gocardless as subscriptions 
* Snackspace/consumables are paying for themselves roughly 	
* Reimbursements so far about £12000 	
* Surplus has gone up ~£10k since the start of the financial year 	
* Held at about 260 members for past few months

__HA asked about co-op__<br>
* No further actions happened
* JC not heard anything yet
* TODO Chase Bob
    * Dual signatories required for co-op actions 	
* No action so far on theoretical bad actors on other accounts; whether we need dual signatories required etc.
* TODO Look at higher interest stores
    * No person with significant control has been the issue up until now
* RJ is unsure about £2k discrepancy in previous year, but current year matches

__RJ isn't sure whether the hackspace too weird as an organisation to be worth contacting an accountant__<br>
PR and HA says it’s worth trying at least

### Infrastructure
* TODO Do we still need to pay fire alarm installers?
* TODO Do we have actual electrical certificate
* TODO Get new APs
* TODO Check crash bars on doors/replace
* TODO Sort out fire evacuation guide
* TODO Make sure extinguishers are from the same shop as JC used last time
* TODO Emergency ingress
* TODO Eye wash station
* Periklis is happy to deal with this
* TODO Look into resin printer stuff

### Membership
* PR raised the issue in the members' meeting that there was a worry about advertising as we don't have the infrastructure to deal with a huge influx and so not much advertising has happened.
* Should we be focusing more on community than facilities?
* MOSI should be under control?
* Couple of volunteers dropped out
* Blue cross would be good platform for training
* Mini makers event
    * TODO Need to find out Mike's plan.
* EMF
    * TODO look at how to set up a village
    * Unable to look at villages until tickets are bought
* TODO Look into incentivising skill shares etc.


### Development
__Tenancy__
* JC has asked for 3 years with 9 month kick out
* Not heard yet
* Mike's dad said we were getting a good deal on the 1 year rate, but any improvement would be good

### Digital
* Tags on forum.
    * These have been used by PR and RJ has also set up tags for purchase proposals

### Infrastructure
* TODO Add first aid station to tour
* TODO Look into removals of stuff
* One removal has been done of wood things, but perhaps we should organise removals of electronics etc.
* Laser cutter incident
* Essentially the laser cutter's laser was firing when the hatch wasn't fully closed. This was aggravated by the fact the member who discovered this did not report it.
* TODO Signage for woodwork
* TODO Large storage needs a sign

### 3D printing
* Still big gavanized pipes lying around that are blocking areas that would be useful for 3d printing.
* There was an issue with import tax on the Prusas.

### Snackspace

### Parkspace<br>
Could do with more buttons for the heater

Bolton men's shed have been contacted but not sure if they want to help run it here.

TODO PR would like to contact local radio hams to see if we can attract more members from that scene.


## Action Items
To be copied to trello

| Item | Responsible | Status |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Publishing of old minutes | PR | - |
| Talk to Periklis about what’s in the Lab whether it’s worth keeping etc | HA | - |
| HA to talk to Mike about tenancy but it seems JC is doing it instead, so he’s confused | JC | - |
| Test/implement WYSIWYG editor for git. Software is called ‘tina cms’ | HA | - |
| Set up WYSIWYG meeting | HA | - |
| Digitize wood records | PR | - |
| Buy all-in-one laser |
| Basic guidelines for new documentation, software |
| Audit subgroup member lists and make sure they’re up to date |
| Fix email reply feature | PR | - |
| Tidy up constitution | | - |
| Look into stack overflow type stuff on discourse | HA | - |
| Look at role based emails | HA | - |
| Set up custom signatures | HA | Done |
| Look into possibility of accountant 
| Buy supplies for hebecon | JS | Done |
| Research heating methods | HA | Todo |
| Bring in blankets | | |
| Open coop to other members | RJ | Todo |
| 


## Other Notes & Information
N/A
