# 2024-03-25
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-03-25, 19:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** board meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hackspace 

## Attendees
People who attended:

- HA - Chair
- RJ
- JS
- BD
- Provisional Apologies from JC for not being present

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Chair | â€¢ Reset consumables list - discuss new consumables list<br>â€¢ Board check in <br>â€¢ Those fucking calipers<br> â€¢ Confirmation statement 
Secretary | â€¢ Errrrrr <br>â€¢ Resignation of PR and impact
Treasurer | â€¢ General budget trend<br>â€¢ Trend with purchases and consumables<br>â€¢ When to limit consumables
Infrastructure | â€¢ Updates<br> â€¢ Eye wash station in kitchen<br> â€¢ CCTV - technical<br> â€¢ Resin in sink<br> â€¢ Large storage clear out<br>â€¢ Corner of Doom<br>â€¢ New wireless access points<br>â€¢ Need to check insurance for infra changes<br>â€¢ Ben to make list of electrical work in forum post<br>â€¢ Buy spare lock<br>â€¢ Smelly room plans<br>â€¢ 2nd toilet<br>â€¢ Some discussion on adding more sockets
Membership | â€¢ Social media update<br>â€¢ Blue cross<br>â€¢ Kids Easter event<br>â€¢ HTSD Feedback<br>â€¢ EMF Village<br>â€¢ Build community
Development | â€¢ Update on tenancy<br>â€¢ Creating a more streamlined/unified way of organising the space<br>â€¢ Stop making edge case rules for the minority but then have the autonomy to enforce culture
Digital | â€¢ Zigbee network?
Incident since last meeting | â€¢ Check incident book<br>â€¢ 3D printer setup - HA<br>â€¢ Internet fiddling (and wider behavioural concerns?)<br>â€¢ Doorbot Alvin<br>â€¢ Car break in<br>â€¢ Reported incident [whatever date the thing was]
Wood | â€¢ Dust extraction progress <br>â€¢ New bandsaw <br>â€¢ Ownership of tools
CNC | 
Storage | 
3D printing | â€¢ New printers<br> â€¢ Resin should we keep them?<br> â€¢Insurance implications
Electronics |
Metalwork - Welding |
VA |
Lab | P
Snackspace |
Parkspace |
AoB | â€¢ Arrange next members meeting HA<br> â€¢ CCTV - governance<br> â€¢ Restrict / formalise restrictions around critical infrastructure<br> â€¢ Members meetings<br> â€¢ Spirit of the space<br> â€¢ Taking a break - HA<br> â€¢ Equipment signage<br> â€¢ Actively ventilated room<br> â€¢ Newsletter and who runs it<br> â€¢ Bloody dangerous / Standardising signs - noted that other colours for certain machines apparently meant something<br> â€¢ Smelly room for paint and spray<br> â€¢ Need another board member? - Maybe

## Discussion
### Chair
RJwas happy with the new way of consumables<br>
HA to arrange board check in<br>
Money has been paid in for the calipers. A proposal is not just to buy items but to get buy-in from membership hence getting the right amount of people on a proposal is important. If a proposal has a drastic change we should make sure a new post is created and lock or delete the previous post or everyone should agree again.

### Secretary
Weâ€™ve decided PR can carry on with large storage if he wishes to.

### Treasurer
Everything good with cash flow although it got dicey when we spent a load of money. Get bank account from coop.

### Infrastructure
Welding is nearly there, just training needs to be finalised and some stuff by Mike. Eye wash station not installed although it has been bought.<br>
CCTV - Bypass incoming adsl router and use a new network switch<br>
Resin - Waiting to see the plan from 3d printing team<br>
Large storage - Some board buy-in. Empower PR to carry on. Make a plan.<br>
Corner of Doom - We might have a member invested in cleaning it up. Ben offered to help clear it out.

### Membership
Blue cross - Set for 26th April<br>
MOSI - ðŸ«  Overall went well.Identified the pull up stands need redoing.Gave out a bunch of fliers and stickers.<br>
Kids Easter event - Cancelled<br>
March HTSD - Set date<br>
EMF - Village confirmed JS needs help. HA has offered help.<br>
Builkd community - Observed we have more people in the space, so done?

### Development
Update on tenancy - 2 more years!<br>
Creating a more streamlined/unified way of organising the space - JC made a really long comment no one read<br>
Stop making edge case rules for the minority but then have the autonomy to enforce culture - We now possibly have people drinking and using machinery . Here HA mentioned the culture of the space is changing, do we just get rid of member who donâ€™t match current culture or make more rules.<br>
Crash doors still need doing.

### Digital
Zigbee - Generally happy to implement<br>
What is an active project anymore<br>
Pacemaker warning on site<br>
Other warnings on signup

### Incidents
Make sure space is ready for new XL printer. <br>
Internet fiddling - This led to critical infrastructure post to stop certain people messing about. Discussed certain people.<br>
Doorbot Alvin - As per HAs write up. Although it seems no one read it ðŸ˜¢<br>
Car break in - Visible external cameras may help with that<br>
Reported incident [whatever date the thing was] - Incident F was about a certain member who may or may not be sleeping in the space. Discussed what happened at the official warning. NOTE: this person was able to access the space without membership as Alvin was not updated with the latest membership list for almost a year. Also discussed low value items will always get taken. Discussed how he can get in without going through front door. Harvey recommended we should alarm the side doors. Just useful in general

### Area updates
New bandsaw<br>
Ownership of tools<br>
Dust extraction progress<br>
Ammiel CNC machine - Mark, Mike are also involved. We need H+S around it before it can be donated. Mark also agrees until the CNC has proved itself it wonâ€™t be part of the space<br>
Storage - Identified that only admins of the member portal can clear storage. Might need reprogramming to allow other users to clear out storage sections<br>
Resin printers - To be discussed with 3d printer team but nothing concrete yet. Resin printer has hardly been used.<br>
Unattended printing - Signs are up about unattended printing<br>
Welding - Probably need another sign to explain the sign that comes on when someone is welding. Trash pile(?)<br>
VA - Acrylic bending installed, Alex cleaning up, need more storage in VA<br>
Snackspace - Make signs or put notes about food being left behind. Worried about mould in the sink area, especially as eye wash station will be there.
Kitchen clean up issues with various items not being cleaned.

### AoB
Next members meeting - To arrange when we have enough items and HA is back (can also be arranged without HA)<br>
Members meeting - January was our first members meeting as a new board and there were a few rough edges whilst we figured out our responsibilities and obligations. <br>
Checklist and timeline for organising and announcing<br>
Deadlines for agenda items/large purchase proposals for consideration<br>
Proxy vote registration<br>
Voting processes<br>
Running order & roles for facilitating the meeting<br>
Facilitating hybrid meetings (was not discussed)<br>
Restrict / formalise restrictions around critical infrastructure - Critical infrastructure post


## Action Items
To be copied to trello

| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| |  | |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
