# LBL06002 - Risk Assessment Procedure for Transport of GMOs Outside the Lab

 ------
  Approved by:             SOP No. LBL01001

  Signed: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_    
  Effective from:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  Date: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_   
  Last edited:
 \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  

## Purpose

The purpose of this SOP is to highlight the requirements to lab users
seeking to transport GMOs outside the Manchester Hackspace BioLab. In
particular, the points to consider when carrying out the required risk
assessment for the act of transporting particular GMOs outside the
BioLab.

## Scope

This SOP applies to all users of the Manchester Hackspace BioLab
proposing the transport of GMOs outside the BioLab.

## Responsibilities

Ultimately, the laboratory user who initiates and undertakes the lab
work (i.e. the principal investigator) is responsible for the health and
safety considerations and containment requirements involved with
transporting GMOs outside the Manchester Hackspace BioLab. Before GMOs
can be transported outside the BioLab, the risks to humans and the
environment engendered by transport outside the BioLab must be assessed
by the the principal investigator. They must seek advice from an
experienced third party and the satisfactory results of this process
must be signed off by the Biological Safety Officer.

## Related documents

| [LBL06001 - Risk Assessment Procedure for Lab Users Proposing New
  Projects](lbl06001.md)

## Definitions

PI:   Principal Investigator

GMO:   Genetically Modified Organisms

## Procedures

The PI should consider the transport of a GMO outside the BioLab to be
its own project. This is the case even if the GMO to be transported has
previously been worked with as part of a project in the BioLab.

The PI should follow the risk assessment procedures detailed in
[LBL06001](lbl06001.md) but should additionally take particular account
of risks associated with transport itself. The following should be
considered:

1.  What packaging and labelling is suitable for safely transporting the
    GMOs in question?
2.  Has appropriate information been supplied to the person transporting
    the GMOs?
3.  What are the risks to humans and the environment that transporting
    the GMOs engenders and how are these risks minimised?
4.  Is there an appropriate procedure in place in the event of an
    accident during transport? This should include reporting the
    occurrence to the competent authority.

## Resources

| Carriage of Dangerous Goods and Use of Transportable Pressure
  Equipment Regulations 2009:
| <http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2009/1348/contents/made>
