# LBL04007 - Using the Kill Bin

  ------
  Approved by:             SOP No. LBL01001

  Signed: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_    
  Effective from:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  Date: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_   
  Last edited:
 \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  
## Purpose

This describes the protocol for use of the Kill Bin, which is a Virkon
filled container, located under or near the sink. This bin used for the
chemical inactivation of waste media and contaminated consumables such
as disposable lab plastics.

## Scope

-   This document should be consulted prior to use of the Kill Bin for
    waste disposal.
-   The kill bin **is not suitable** for inactivation of GMOs, or
    plastics and consumables which may have come into contact with GMOs.
    The autoclave should be used instead. See [LBL04006](lbl04006.md),
    \"Using the autoclave for waste deactivation\", and
    [LBL05001](lbl05001.md), \"Containment Level One for Biolab
    Users\".
-   The bin is also not effective for the deactivation of bacterial
    spores. Waste that may contain spores should be autoclaved.

## Responsibilities

The operator of the Kill Bin is responsible for his or her own safety,
and the safety of others, while disposing of waste.

Suitable hand and eye protection should be worn, particularly when
moving and refilling the kill bin with Virkon.

## Related documents

| [LBL04006 - Using the Autoclave for Waste Deactivation](lbl04006.md)

## Materials

-   Bleach

## Procedures

### Disposing of waste in the Kill Bin

Ensure the Kill Bin has been refilled with fresh bleach solution in the
past 7 days.

1.  While wearing gloves, carefully open the lid of the bin. It is
    opened by turning the handle anticlockwise and pulling upwards.
2.  Place any solid waste to be disposed of in the bin, and ensure it is
    submerged.
3.  Pour any liquid waste into the bin and add approximately 100ml of
   bleach for every 100ml of liquid waste added.
4.  Replace the lid and lock it by turning the handle clockwise. Ensure
    that the lid is locked by gently pulling on it.

Material in the Kill Bin should be fully immersed for at least 30
minutes to ensure full inactivation.

### Emptying the Kill Bin

If the kill bin is full of solid waste or the bin requires refilling
with fresh bleach solution the bin must first be emptied. When the
kill bin requires emptying it will likely contain a mixture of bleach
solution, deactivated liquid waste and solid matter.

Gloves, labcoat and eye protection should be worn as a precaution during
this procedure.

1.  Ensure that all waste has been immersed in the 1% Virkon solution
    for at least 30 minutes.
2.  Decant the liquid into the BioLab sink.
3.  Empty the solid matter into the general waste.
4.  Thoroughly rinse the bin with tap water to remove any remaining
    virkon-waste mixture.

### Refilling the Kill Bin

The bleach solution in the Kill Bin should be replaced every 7 days
or sooner if the solution is no longer able to work . This should be
logged in the biolab day book.

Labcoat, gloves and eyeprotection must be worn during the refilling
procedure. bleach can be a severe irritant on contact with skin,
eyes or on inhalation .

1.  The bin should be emptied of solids and liquids and rinsed clean
    with tap water prior to refilling (see above). This prevents
    accelerated loss of potency of newly added solution.


## Resources

| COSHH: A brief guide to the Regulations
| <http://www.materials.ox.ac.uk/uploads/file/COSHHRegulations.pdf>
| Working with substances hazardous to health
| <http://www.hse.gov.uk/pubns/indg136.pdf>
| Inactivation (disinfection) processes
| <http://www.who.int/water_sanitation_health/dwq/en/watreatpath3.pdf>
