# LBL03003 - Responsibilities of Principle Investigators and Lab Users

  ------
  Approved by:             SOP No. LBL01001

  Signed: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_    
  Effective from:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  Date: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_   
  Last edited:
 \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  
## Purpose

This SOP gives an overview of the responsibilities of lab users and
principal investigators (PIs) carrying out a project in the Manchester
Biohackspace BioLab.

## Scope

All users of the Manchester Hackspace BioLab need to be aware of the
requirements they must conform to and the responsibilities they bear
when using the BioLab.

All users of the Manchester Hackspace BioLab need to be aware of the
requirements they must conform to and the responsibilities they bear
when acting as PIs.

An individual is considered to be a PI in charge of their work when
carrying out any non contained use work in the BioLab that is
unsupervised by another trained individual. An individual is also
considered to be the PI in charge of any work done by themselves, or
other users, that is part of a project, involving GMOs, for which the
individual carried out the risk assessment.

## Definitions

BSO:   Biological Safety Officer

PI:   Principal Investigator

SOP:   Standard Operating Procedure

GMO:   Genetically Modified Organism

## Responsibilities

A BioLab user is responsible for following the best practices described
in the Manchester Hackspace BioLab SOPs and associated documentation in order to
carry out their work safely.

A PI is responsible for the best practices set out in the SOPs and
associated documentation being followed by themselves and others during
the course of work on a project. Where a risk assessment has been
carried out (e.g. for a project involving GMOs) the PI is also
responsible for the following of the best practices defined in that risk
assessment during work by themselves, or others, on that project.

## Requirements

### BioLab Users

1.  BioLab users must at all times follow the [Manchester Hackspace BioLab Rules](biolab-rules.md). This includes:
    1.  the necessity to follow the [Manchester Hackspace BioLab Usage Guidelines](biolab-usage-guidelines.md) when working in the BioLab;
    2.  the necessity to follow the procedures described in the Manchester Hackspace BioLab SOPs;
    3.  and, the necessity to communicate infringement of these practices to the BSO.
2.  BioLab users must follow advice that the BSO gives where it pertains to safe and correct usage of the BioLab.

### Principle Investigators

1.  PIs must follow the risk assessment procedure set out in [LBL06001](lbl06001.md) when proposing new projects.
2.  In the case of a project involving GMOs the PI must ensure that any
    work done by themselves or others conforms with the best practice
    for handling these organisms or material defined as a result of the
    risk assessment. The PI must therefore ensure that any other lab
    users who might be working on the PI\'s project are made aware of,
    and comply with, these best practices.

## Resources

| HSE: SACGM Compendium of guidance - Biological Safety Officers
| <http://www.hse.gov.uk/biosafety/gmo/acgm/acgmcomp/part1.pdf>

| The Genetically Modified Organisms (Contained Use) Regulations 2014
  Guidance on Regulations:
| <http://www.hse.gov.uk/pubns/books/l29.htm>
