# LBL01001 - Introduction

  ------
  Approved by:             SOP No. LBL01001

  Signed: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_    
  Effective from:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  Date: 
  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_   
  Last edited:
 \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
  
## Introduction

In conjunction with knowledge of the [Manchester Hackspace BioLab BioLab
Rules](biolab-rules.md) and the [Manchester Hackspace BioLab BioLab Usage
Guidelines](biolab-usage-guidelines.md), knowledge of the Manchester
Biohackspace Standard Operating Procedures is required for everyone who
is using, or who expects to use the Manchester Hackspace BioLab BioLab.

The Manchester Hackspace BioLab Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) lay out, in
series, the main procedures that have been validated in the laboratory,
and the best-practice approach to carrying them out to generate reliable
and repeatable results. The procedures specified in the SOPs promote the
safety of the individual users and others in the vicinity of the work.
By following the procedures users will minimise the risk of damage to
equipment and instrumentation used. It is essential that all users of
the lab first undergo the laboratory induction as described in
[LBL02001](lbl02001.md) and read any SOPs that relate to the work they
intend to carry out.

[LBL03001](lbl03001.md) describes the role of the BSO in establishing
and validating SOPs, and in ensuring they are conformed to. Section 4
consists of SOPs describing the usage of the equipment and
instrumentation in the laboratory. Section 5 explains Containment Level
1 (CL1) and the requirements for performing work in this setting.
Further, any new projects should have a risk assessment carried out
before work commences. The process for doing this is described in
[LBL06001](lbl06001.md). Section 7 contains a range of procedures for
performing molecular biology work, many of which require CL1 conditions
to be in place. Section 8 describes laboratory maintenance, record
keeping, and cleaning.
