# 20212-07-08

## Hackspace Manchester Board Meeting Minutes

### Present Members
Ellen, Grayson, Jason, Mark, Ross (via video call)

*Meeting Starts 20:57 - Chaired by Jason*

---

### Preamble
The Hackspace board is comprised of current members who volunteer their time with the intention of acting for the good of the community. It does not involve compensation, nor remuneration. Whilst these things arenâ€™t sought the board would like to encourage members to bear in mind that this can sometimes be a responsibility of little gratification and to request that they be considerate and constructive in their feedback or criticism.

---

### AGENDA
1. Updates
2. Rates Query
3. Asbestos
4. Transparency
5. Expenses
6. Infrastructure
7. Any Other Relevant Business
8. Future Meeting

---

### Updates
> #### Jason
- There was delay in submitting our company accounts which led to a fine being imposed by both Companies House & HMRC.
- I apologise about this. I am taking steps to avoid a recurrence.
- I am looking at making the expense system more formal but as uncomplicated as possible to allow a smooth process but reduce the burden of learning / maintaining whatever is implemented (plan is for minimal technical expertise being required).
- We need to test that mail is being received correctly at the external mailbox. Grayson has volunteered to collect test mail.
  - A list of stakeholders we need to keep updated with our address needs to be compiled and actioned.

> #### Ellan
- Individual risk assessments are completed.
- Area risk assessments still to do.
- Ellan will liase with Mark to ensure the docs system is up-to-date.

> #### Grayson
- Grayson is going to prepare a list of what the outreach sub-committee should be achieving to help members who wish to volunteer with outreach activities. 

> #### Ross
- Ross has been working to digest and implement the changing advice and guidance regarding Coronavirus.
- Ross has been working on a video induction guide for new members.

> #### Mark
- Mark has been working on infrastructure projects at the space such as woody fire door / visual arts pallet wall / members storage / cave clearing / ventilation (in progress).

---

### Rates Query
- We have had a request to respond regarding the business rates for our unit part of this is straight forward (rental charges etc. can be easily taken from our contract).
- We have to declare the monies we've spent on improving the space. This has been a lot and spread out so will take some work to compile the information
  - Ross has volunteered to help with this (Jason is to get an export of the bank account to allow this)

--- 

### Asbestos

- A former member has asked the board if there is a risk of Asbestos at the space.
- The board discussed the timeline of events and actions taken and by whom.
  - There was previously asbestos discovered at the space. It was contained appropriately and removed from the space.
- The board discussed three possible actions to take;
> 1. Conduct an air quality survey as requested
> 2. Take surface samples from around the area where asbestos had previously been known to exist.
> 3. Take no further action at this time

>#### The board unanimously voted to take no further action at this time.

- The board are aware that there was comment that a previous board had agreed to conduct an air quality survey.
  - It is the opinion of the current board that any important decision taken but not implemented should be re-taken when the membership of the board changes.
  - Current board cannot be expected to be held to the votes or decisions of previous boards
- A more thorough statement / timeline of events can be made available to the membership if required.

---

### Transparency

- Jason proposed an area on the forum for members to submit questions / request information from the board.
- The idea is to encourage engagement and provide a mechanism for questions to be asked / answered publicly.
- The board consensus was that this would be a good idea.
  - Questions or requests made in good faith will be attempted to be answered by the board
  - There is no specific timescale for these responses as it would rely on board members responding when they are able

---

### Expenses

- Jason wants to formalise an expense process for the space so that;
  - Expense requests can be dealt with in a timely manner
  - There is better understanding and control of individual project budgets
  - Expenses paid out are linked (by reference) to payments from the account to assist with accounting and oversight
- A few different options were considered;
  - Using the member's system
  - Using something simple like a spreadsheet
  - Using cloud functions provided by google to create a simple to use, modular, system.
- The finance sub-committee will work to implement a process and communicate in due course

--- 

### Infrastructure

There was a discussion around the complexity of the organisation of the hackspace infrastructure.

- There are a number of systems used to do different functions that sometimes seem disjointed
- There are differing skill sets with board members and it can't be taken for granted what skills will be present in future boards

No specific decision was taken but it was appreciated that where possible less complexity would be desirable both for board to maintain the space infrastructure and for members to engage with / use it.

--- 

### Any Other Relevant Business

- Members' Meetings
  - Memebers' meetings are chiefly organsised by the members for the members. Any member can call a meeting and advertise it to the membership.
  - If the board is made aware of the meeting in good time we may attend if we are able.
- Advance notice of absence
  - Grayson has advised the board she will not be available for a specified period in September.
- Mark has suggested we look into getting a trauma kit & potential first aid training from a suitable provider.
- Jason has suggested that some Lateral Flow Tests are made available to members he will look into this.

--- 

### Future Meeting

The board have agreed to meet again next;

> ***Tue 24th August***

Items to discuss include;

- Electrical Certification
- Members' Survey
- Storage Rules / Structure
- Governance Changes
- Bins
- First Aid Training & Supplies

---
> ***MEETING CONCLUDED AT 20:57***
---
