Board Election 2018
===================

The 2018 Board Election has been called, and there are 3 available
spaces from the stepping down of Bob Clough, Tamarisk Kay, and Conor
Riches. There are three candidates standing, the election will run for
two weeks from 00:01 on Monday 20th August until 23:59 on Sunday 2nd
September. The election is performed using Meek STV, and you should have
received an email from OpaVote as our agent for the election processing.

You may rank any number of candidates, along with the No Further
Places(NFP) candidate, if NFP is elected, no more candidates will be
elected to fill any remaining slots. You are not required to rank all
candidates.

Candidates
----------

Every candidate was asked to provide a short hust limited to 1024
characters, these are displayed below.

### Mike Bratt

![](Election18-mike.jpg "Election18-mike.jpg")

My name is Mike Bratt, I live in Handforth.

I have over 24 years of experience in the IT world working with blue
chip companies such as IBM and T-systems.

Whilst still I'm relatively new to the Maker movement, I am extremely
passionate about it. Makerspaces, such as ours, are essential to the
community, fostering creativity and giving opportunity to everyone
irrespective of background or ability.

I'm keen to play a key role to help our Makerspace grow and develop.

<div style="clear: both">
</div>

### Ellen Pearce

![](Election18-ellen.jpg "fig:Election18-ellen.jpg") I have brought a
lot to the hackspace but I would love this opportunity to bring a Ton
more. I want to have more responsibility to the space and be able to
help members in a greater variety of ways as well as introducing new
people to what we have to offer. Anything form organizing events to
dealing with issues (both minor and serious) is my cup of tea. Health
and safety is also important to me so I often check that things in the
space are done safely.

I have the time and the passion to dedicate to the hackspace, liaising
with members, the board and also with Landlords/trades etc. I am jumping
at the chance to be able to be of guidance to all members, both new and
old while being the “professional face” of the hackspace. Often seen
touring people, signing up memebrs, organizing events and promoting the
hackspace as the community group and workshop that it is. I am often on
Facebook, answering messages from newbies as well as offering my help on
Telegram and taking the minutes for the monthly meetings.

<div style="clear: both">
</div>

### Ross Stevenson

![](Election18-ross.jpg "fig:Election18-ross.jpg") Hi I am Ross and
that's Dashy and if elected I promise to bring her in more. Joking apart
I wish to stand for election as having been part of the space for just
over a year I feel like I can contribute more to the space through being
an active board member.

In the last year I have been involved with most of the events that we
have done including organising our attendance at makersfaire in
Newcastle and inputting into the pcbee project that has allowed us to
raise funds for the space alongside regularly topping up snackspace and
I may of been the one responsible for the grass in slackspace and the
appearance of the large format printer (need to keep me off eBay)

I am always keen to get involved and never shy away from a challenge

<div style="clear: both">
</div>