Our space is at Wellington House on Pollard Street East
([map](https://maps.google.com/maps?q=53.484546,-2.14506)). This is our
third location, into which we moved in April 2016. It's always evolving
- we currently have separate rooms for woody/dusty work and for
metalwork; as well as a social area, electronics area, craft corner, and
chillax zone.

Wellington House is open 24/7 for all members!
![unframed](Wellington_House_main_area.jpeg "fig:unframed")

Access
------

Access to Wellington House is controlled by
[A.L.FR.E.D](A.L.FR.E.D "wikilink"). You'll need an RFID tag / fob /
card to get in - if you haven't got one (e.g. a bus ticket smartcard or
building access prox card) you can buy a keyring token from us for Â£2.
To set a tag up, you'll need to come when someone else is there to let
you in - open evenings are a good bet.

Getting Here
------------

### Tram

The nearest tram stop is Holt Town, from which Hacman is a 300m uphill
walk.

Walk from the platform towards the traffic lights, and turn right at the
derelict pub ("The Mitchell Arms") onto **Beswick Street**. Carry on
walking past some small shops and turn right into **Pollard Street
East** after the end of the palisade fencing. The entrance to Hacman is
a blue door on your left.

### Train

Piccadilly station is about a mile away. There are trams from Piccadilly
and Victoria stations to Holt Town.

### Bus

All buses from Piccadilly Gardens (stop D), other than fabled buses on
mythical route 82, stop near Hacman.

Buses on routes 216, 231, and 237 stop beside Holt Town tram stop.

Buses on routes 74, 76, 76A, and 217 stop on Bradford Road, from which
Hacman is a 350m downhill walk. From the bus stop walk to the traffic
lights, turn left onto **Beswick Street**, and take the first left onto
**Pollard Street East**. The entrance to Hacman is a blue door on your
left.

### Car

There is very limited parking on site.

Parking on street is plentiful, but is limited to permit holders only on
days when there is an event at the Etihad.

Be aware that if Manchester City are playing at home, traffic will be
worse and parking will be less available. Beswick Street is often closed
at the Ashton New Road end during football matches.
<img src="hacmap.png" title="fig:hacmap.png" width="352" alt="hacmap.png" />

[Category:About](Category:About "wikilink") [Category:Cleanup
2015](Category:Cleanup_2015 "wikilink")