Laser Inductions
================

**You need an induction to use the laser cutter.**

To arrange an induction give us a shout on the [Laser Training Telegram
Group](https://t.me/joinchat/B3NEGUNG_uwIUSveltLMxQ) or on the
[forum](http://hacman.org.uk/list). If you don't get a response just
give us another poke, we may have missed it.

The induction includes setting up your computer to use the laser,
instruction on how to use the software, and using the laser in a way
that is safe to you and the machine itself.

Members should feel free to re-take the induction at any time, and if
you don't feel you can safely use the laser cutter then you are
encouraged to sign up for a reminder class before using it.

### Things you need:

£2 to cover the cost of the induction

### Things that are good to have:

A prepared design to cut, in .svg format, there is an example below
(this should have a bit to cut, a bit to mark, and a bit to engrave; we
will be using fill colours to designate what/where to cut, so strokes
will be ignored)

A laptop with Inkscape/Visicut installed (don’t worry if you don’t have
one, you can use a computer in the space)

### Helpful wiki pages:

<http://wiki.hacman.org.uk/Laser_Cutter/OrangeLaser>

<http://wiki.hacman.org.uk/Laser_Cutter/Materials>

If you have any questions before the induction please do ask, likewise
if you want any advice/help with your design. We like to keep the
designs cut during training quite small, preferably about 5cm by 5cm, so
bear that in mind whilst designing anything!

There’s no need to bring any material to cut, but you are more than
welcome to. We have plenty of scrap acrylic/ply/mdf and can offer an A6
piece of ply for the first cut.

**If you are caught using the laser in an unsafe manner you will have
your access revoked and will be required to take a new induction in
order to be allowed to use it in future.**

Example SVG File
----------------

<File:DinoRoar.svg%7CThe> SVG file used <File:Example> dinoroar
1.jpg\|Example of the resulting cut <File:Example> dinoroar 2.jpg\|More
examples <File:Example> dinoroar 3.jpg\|Even more examples!

Laser Trainers
--------------

-   Bob
-   Chris B
-   Egg
-   Joo

[Category:Laser Cutter
(Orange)](Category:Laser_Cutter_(Orange) "wikilink")