Original Leigh Fund Raising Letter

Original Leigh Fund Raising Letter
----------------------------------

This is a copy and paste from the Leigh Hackspace fund raising letter we
can use for copying / pasting

### Letter Content

Hi Rachel and thanks for taking the time for our brief chat earlier
today.

**Background Information**
As I mentioned I represent Leigh Hackspace, a community 'Makerspace' or
'Hackerspace' which essentially functions like a shared community
workshop/workspace allowing people who lack the space to make things, or
don't have the tools at home, can come along, join our community and
share our tools. <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hackerspace>.

We started as a 'virtual' group on Facebook in November 2014 (
<https://www.facebook.com/groups/leighhackspace/?fref=ts> ) but have
grown so rapidly that we were able to take up shared tenancy of a shop
in Leigh Town Centre a couple of weeks ago, which we will be using as HQ
and our main Hackspace. In the future we already have firm plans to move
into a whole floor of the Leigh Spinners Mill redevelopment (
<http://leighspinners.org/> ), which is just around the corner from
Screwfix's new counter store in Leigh, and which would make us one of
the largest Hackspaces in the country. Wee these pictures for an idea of
the size of the floors of the Mills: <http://www.leighhack.org/>

**Governance**
We are a registered UK Community Interest Company, meaning that all
donations are immediately 'locked' in Trust for the community served,
and cannot be sold/stripped out of the company. We have 4 directors and
an advisory board which includes member of the Leigh Spinners Mill
Redevelopment Team and are decisions are made democratically by our
65-person strong community. We are non-profit and all time is
voluntarily donated.

**What We Need:**
We are approaching a range of enterprises such as yourselves, to ask for
support for our important community. There are a variety of ways that
organisations can contribute, depending on their size, financial
resources, and degree to which they would like to be involved: Donations
of small tools, fixings, materials, storage equipment, PPE, unsorted
items, etc for members' use. (list available on request of what kind of
things we would need) Reciprocal arrangements such as a 'Hackspace
Member's Discount' in return for some brand advertising and our
gratitude.
Financial donations of any size are also welcome!

**What You Get:**
Apart from the satisfaction of helping our tiny grassroots organisation
to develop, you are helping fellow makers. We will show our gratitude by
ensuring Screwfix are credited on our Facebook Group and Twitter
account, mentioned in Local press when the Hackspace is featured, and we
can also display your branding on our Supporter's Wall in the shop,
along with details of the donation.

I sincerely hope you will feel able to help us.
Marcus Baw
Director & Founder
Leigh Hackspace CIC
(company number to follow once company foundation documents return)
Phone Number
@leigh_hackspace
<http://www.leighhack.org/>

[Category:Guides](Category:Guides "wikilink")