# 2026-02-18
## Meeting Information

  - **Meeting Date/Time:** 2026-02-18 19:00:00 - 21:30:00
  - **Meeting Purpose:** Board Meeting
  - **Meeting Location:** Hackspace Manchester

## Attendees
People who attended:

  - JC
  - Rob
  - John
  - Jordan

## Agenda Items

  * Board catch up
  * Rob handover
  * Review governance
  * Volunteer enticement ideas
  * AOB

## Discussion

  - **Board catch up**
      * JC: governance, not been to space much.
      * Rob: Simplifying life, passing over board role, still wants to offer digital related jobs, done treasuring bits since December, submitted annual confirmation statement.
      * John: unsimplified, next months unlikely to be in UK for much, coop money back, governance with JC, brought lease to attention.
      * Jordan: Not been in best space to support much.
  - **Rob handover**
      * Rob and John to go over treasuring handover.
      * Rob would like to continue digital work but raised concerns about still needing access to systems containing sensitive information, and would like official guidance on how to move forward.
      * CCTV needs proper handover; Rob to sort.
  - **Review governance**
      * The board discussed a new structure, with documentation to be released soon.
      * The board is happy with the current proposal for the new structure.
      * The first year trial is to be with appointed members, and subsequent years will be populated by elections if required.
      * The board discussed potential people who may be interested in new roles.
  - **Volunteer enticement ideas**
      * Discussed an annual meal.
      * Discussed Snapboard shout outs.
  - **AOB**
      * The Board voted in agreement to sign a 3-year lease until April 29.

## Actions
| Item | Responsible |
| :--- | :--- |
| JC to finish writing internal data protection policy. | JC |
| Rob to sort CCTV NAS, CCTV Cameras. | Rob |
| JC to finalise with board, wording of structure. | JC |
| JC to upgrade Google workspace plan. | JC |
| Jordan to action snapboard shout out system. | Jordan |
| JC to look at adding members to new email alias. | JC |
| JC to check men's shed membership. | JC |
| Jordan to look at labelling locations for VA. | Jordan |
