# 2026-05-19
## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 2026-05-19, 18:45 - 21:30  
**Meeting Purpose:** Board Meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hackspace Manchester

## Attendees
- Jordan Colclphough
- Joe Christian
- John Deptford

## Agenda Items

- Elections
- Changes to AoA
- Process changes needed for new committee
- Update on committee
- Accountant and savings account
- End of year accounting update
- AoB Member incidents
- Reach fund

## Discussion
* **Elections:** Vote to agree to start election process ( Agreed ). 3 roles open. Anyone with criminal history to self exclude for insurance reasons.
* **Changes to AoA/Committee:** No changes to AoA to delegation of powers to committee during the trial period (1 year). Chris (committee) has done great work with socials and planning for the future.
* **Purchase Proposal System:** Update purchase proposal system to allow management team ( board and committee ) to +1 proposals. Purchase proposals bands updated.
* **Accountant and Savings Account:** Approved spending for Local Accountants, £80pm, to do our basic taxing and offer advice, including previous years taxes. Agreed to open 3 business savings accounts with; instant access, 35 day and 95 day access respectively.
* **End of Year Accounting/Finance:** Miranda pending bank access. 25/26 treasurer update: retained profit of 10K, 50k in reserve, expecting 6K increase in costs over the next year, membership numbers slowly increasing, new members generally also paying recommended rates.
* **Reach Fund:** JC had call with Pulse in March r.e. the Reach Fund and 'getting grant ready'. Pulse to finish draft for social investment case for when we are ready. Project wrapped up until Hackspace is ready to revitalise.
* **Ammiel's Request:** Ammiels request for discretionary funds for organised events approved, £10.

## Actions
| Item | Responsible |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------- |
| John and Cone/connor to check if there is a minimum % approval for candidates | John and Cone/connor |
| John update proposal band on forum | John |
| JC to update proposal bands on docs | JC |
| John to update consumables over time | John |
| Joe to make a “how to” on how to make gift memberships | Joe |
