# 2016-02-23

STATUS: APPROVED

NOTE: *Italics* signifies the status of an action or in the case of agenda items actions associated with the item at the end of the last board meeting.

Present: all

## 1. Approve minutes for last meeting

BD - Please fix the spelling of "lone"

Approved.

## 2. New Space - contract &c

*Action(s) from previous meeting:*

- *Arrange new space*

Email sent to Maria 22-02-2016 will be chased up 24-02-2016 by TK

## 3. Departmental updates

### Purchasing - BD/CH

BD and CH need to coordinate spending, CH requests BC be present as well.

*Action(s) from previous meeting:*

- *Get Trello to email consumables@hacman.org.uk when things are added to the list && set up buythis@hacman.org.uk as a way of adding things to the Trello list.* Not yet done.

### Infrastructure - BC/BD/TK

Floor plan for new space being worked on.
Electrical plan for new space being worked on.

### Website

Nothing to report.

### Membership

3 to 4 new members.

*Action(s) from previous meeting:*

- *KR to transfer GoCardless refs to membership records.* DONE
- *KR to amend GoCardless login to use the board@email address.* DONE

## 4. Update on actions from last meeting

### Document how things work - all

*Slowly splitting that off into department specific things which is making this task easier.*

TK has started documenting how to deal with petty cash.

### propaganda:

- *TK - Business cards, to be done before MF Newcastle.*
- *Bookmarks - BC to talk to previous designer AFTER move*
- Fliers / Posters to increase membership

Try and get a member to take over this responsibility?

### Funding
- *Corporate sponsorship - discuss options*
- *Look at funding opportunities - TK*
- *[B&Q in the Community (Community Reuse)](http://www.diy.com/corporate/community/) - CH*

### Chem cabinet - all

*Get for Space 3.0*

### Risk assessments - all

*To be done next:*

- *bench top grinder* DONE

Remaining on the list:
- angle grinder
- chop saw
- table saw
- pillar drills
- scroll saw
- air tools

### Bank account (Barclays) - BC/TK

- *last payment for current space will come out of co-op future payments will come from Barclays*
- *talk to members who are paying by standing order and get them to transfer their payments to the new account*
- *purchasing cards for account*
- *transfer PayPal to the new account once it has money going into it* KR to action
- *sort out online access for TK and KJ at minimum*
- *BC setting up Barclays scrape thing that London Hackspace have written to automate standing order payments for membership and dump info into Wave every night*

### Code of Conduct - all

- *Bring in CoC* - we feel like we're pretty much there with this. We need to re-release it for members comment. Aiming to get it "live" before the next meeting.*
- *add do not mess with people's stuff to the CoC* DONE

Final date 01-03


### Lone Worker Policy

- *We need posters in the space that let people know that if they use a tool they can seriously injure themselves with when they are on their own in the space they are breaking the terms of the insurance and hackspaces H&S Policy.* NOT YET DONE

### Wiki pages for tools

ACTION:

- *CH to create stub pages for tools that don't have proper pages* NOT YET DONE
- *someone to create a "pages that need work" page on the wiki to guide people to places where we need to improve tool documentation.* NOT YET DONE

### General space 3.0 meetings

Craft corner meeting went well.
Kit wanted has been added to the [Kit Wanted Wiki Page](http://wiki.hacman.org.uk/Tools_Wishlist).

Greg and BC went through the metal working kit, there's a couple of things they'd like to get but nothing major, we're pretty well set up for metalworking kit.

Next Space 3 meeting is on Monday 07-03

## Any other business

## Date of next meeting
