*Ben Dooks, [6 Oct 2016, 20:07]:*

done: ordered toilet duck discs

doing: nothing on list yet

*Chris Hilliard*

Done:

- I have created a first draft of the Health and Safety rules ( https://hackpad.com/Safety-in-the-Workspace-md61aaC2ugz ),
- the craft area is much improved with the new cabinet and plans are in place for sorting out storage
- I learned that my hopes on thermal mass of the hackspace were wrong, and we may need to look at heating, and that the noodle pots are more popular than before
- I'm planning to work on flier distribution over the next week for the pumpkin hacking as well as begging for prizes (and an event page on meetup), and will continue working on health and safety documentation
- I may need help with the risk asessment for the angle grinder, as my current list appears to start and end at "this thing shouldn't be touched" - things like gloves, etc

*Kat Reeve:*

Done: not much
Doing: Migrating CoC and Rules to the Website. Adding "Agree to Rule/CoC" checkbox to signup

*Bob Clough:*

## Done:

- Started Team Access + Creted Trello for it - Need more volunteers
- Started Team Infrastructure for Space Automation + Access stuff - Currently myself and Fahad (and Ben via HACCESS)
- Helped Chris with Craft Corner and learned to use Sewing Machines :D

## Doing:

- Writing up how teams work document for wiki
- Writing up list of shit what aint done for maria
- Figuring out what we need to keep on acidburn if we rebuild it
  - MQTT Broker

*Tamarisk Kay*

## Done:
- fliers/business cards

## Doing:

- volunteering: working on taking best practice from open source to improve access to opportunities to participate in maintaining the space.
- moving the CoC and rules to the main site do they're easier to find.
- do something with the consumables list

## Points:
- Date of next meeting
- Date of board elections

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:39]:*
#Discussion

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:40]:*
o/ Next meeting - assuming we're sticking with the standup format for now, 2 weeks?

*Kat Reeve, [6 Oct 2016, 20:40]:*
yep

*Ben Dooks, [6 Oct 2016, 20:40]:*
Yes

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:40]:*
aye

*Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:40]:*
yes

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:41]:*
Cool.  Board elections - Did we say something like late November early December last meeting?

*Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:41]:*
late Nov

according the minutes

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:42]:*

OK, if we assume voting closes say... December 3rd

Polls are open for 2 weeks according to the constitution

Would people be happy with that or would another date be better?

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:43]:*

sounds good, polls opening on 19th nov

*Ben Dooks, [6 Oct 2016, 20:43]:*
I think it is ok

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:43]:*
We need to announce and open nominations 2 weeks before that iirc

(at least 2 weeks)

*Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:44]:*
What date does that made that

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:44]:*
5th nov

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:44]:*
Remember Remember

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:44]:*
unless it says somthing silly like "clear days"

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:45]:*
I think it is 10 clear days

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:45]:*
should still work, as you set it in a weekend

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:45]:*
yep

*Ben Dooks, [6 Oct 2016, 20:45]:*
Think that is point closed

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:46]:*
aye

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:47]:*
...time to look at rebuilding it

(it = the wordpress site sorry)

I rewrote that sentence half way through :D

@BinaryKitten ^^

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:48]:*
do we want to stick with wordpress, or are our members unhappy about it ;)

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:48]:*
not now chris

OK, Kat has vanished

Anyone else got anything to be discussed?

If not i'm closing in 5

Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:49]:
It's a bit distracting in here

Ben Dooks, [6 Oct 2016, 20:49]:
Not at this point

Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:49]:
2

1

Meeting Ends

Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:49]:
stop!

Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:49]:
Hammertime

Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:49]:
Date of next board meeting?

Or are we swapping them for this?

Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:
Standup on the 20th

Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:
20th, two weeks time

Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:
Cause this is chaotic

Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:
We'll decide then?

*Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:*
Can we have a physical meeting each quarter please?

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:50]:*
Yeah we discussed that last meeting, and set a date i thought?

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:51]:*
No date

agreed to quaterly though

*Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:51]:*
No we said we would set a date today

Cause by that time we were heading for 3 hours

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:52]:*
OK, Before or after board elections conclude?

*Kat Reeve, [6 Oct 2016, 20:52 (06/10/2016, 20:52)]:*
@thinkl33t cool re: website

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:52]:*
after?

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:53]:*
8th of December?

*Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:53]:*
Dec 8 is fine

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:53]:*
Any objections?

*Ben Dooks, [6 Oct 2016, 20:53]:*
No

*Chris Hilliard, [6 Oct 2016, 20:53]:*
no objection here

*Kat Reeve, [6 Oct 2016, 20:54]:*
none

*Bob Clough, [6 Oct 2016, 20:54]:*
Cool, date set

*Tamarisk, [6 Oct 2016, 20:54]:*
Closed
