# Board Meeting Minutes
* Date: 2018-02-06 19:00
* Present: All

## Proceedings
### What we do
* Pay the rent, pay the bills, do the things that need doing
* We provide a point people can come to to express concerns (behaviour, use of tools...)
* We liaise with professional organisations
* TLDR: all the boring stuff

### Chair / Secretary
* We need a chair in the event of an AGM/EGM
* Chair - Tas  
  * *Aye from all*
* Secretary - work it out as we go along

### Standups - do we need them?
* Not for the moment
* Trello board is working well
* Can use hashtags in the board chat for current TODO reminders
* Look for better use of trello board

### Adjourns for food 

__Fotune cookie: Soon you will be sitting on top of the world__

__Discussion on physics or rotating the universe__

### Frequency of board meetings
* We could attempt hangouts in order to fit them in
* Thursdays are a good day for us
* Every two months on a Thursday
* Next one bookedi n for 3rd May 19:00

### Budgets and pre-paid cards
* Next time
* Form posted for cards

### PSC Register
* Person of Significant Control - annual return
* Becomes due by end of March and is due end of April
* By that point, depending on insurance, all PSC's will be Directors

### Insurance
* Due to confusion of insurers where two colleagues ended up working on the quote, there's been delays but Cone is chasing them up 
* __Action: keep poking__

### H&S
* it is being implemented, we have the policy and are updating the new one
* __Action: To look at__

### Funding form
* Signed and returned

### GDPR
* Next time
* Bob on it getting a sample policy, hopefully for next time
* Discussion on website and member system compliance
* __Action: remind members to have emergency details up to date! if none set then membership will be suspended until we have them.__

### Complaints from membership
* Board discussed two issues raised by members
* Warning issued to one
* Continually monitoring of other
 

## AOB
* Member Storage
  * __Action: convert the guidelines into a coherent ruleset, present to next MMMM, get approval from members and then the guidelines will become rules__
  * __Action: make red labels__
  * Fight over lamination of them
  * next MMMM on 26th
* Member conduct
  * __Action: Chris to make spreadsheet__
  * Mice
  * Hygiene in space


## Meeting ends 
Takeaway was delicious
