# 2018-11-13
## Hackspace Manchester Board Meeting Minutes
##### 13 November 2018 / Follow on from Board Development Session / Philip Park Fire Station /

### Finance

**Bank Mandate Changes** - Current Progress? -  Greg goes aaaaaaah, Need new manadate created and signed by appropriate people. - 

**Accountant**  - Discussed progressed agreed to bring costs to next board meeting

**Updated Procurement List** - Progress? - Greg AAAH, needs to get round to doing it. Ideally sooner rather than later … 

### Governance 
Set dates for next few board meetings - 11 December 18:30  - agreed to set others after each meeting


### Membership

 - New Member System - Risk Management for when this goes live. - Greg suggested a solution in this regards and it was accepted 
 
 - Member engagement and Involvement - discussion around how to engage
   members and get them involved more discussion to continue at later
   date.

### Items raised by Membership / Follow on from MMMM 

 - Move of MMMM to Every 2 Months (the Board need to note this, but it doesn't directly affect us) - Board noted this
 
 - Implementation of ticketing system for members to contact the board -
   Discussed earlier - action for me setup  Meeting December 11th 18:30 (subject to availabity) - Central Community Fire Station as first choice - later agreed 19:00 due to availability of room 

