# 2023-11-01
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2023-11-01, 19:00 - 22:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** New Board Meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hackspace Manchester  

## Attendees
People who attended:

- JC
- HA
- RJ
- BD
- JS
- PR

## Agenda Items

Before meeting begins - Registration of directors on Companies House, and update to statement of Guarantee.

| Item                                | Description                                                       |
| :---------------------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Round up of the last year         | Aims and achievements of the previous board                      |
| Introduction of new board members | History at Hackspace, brief hopes for term, skills, availability |
| Overview of how the company works   |                                                                   |
| Collective Responsibilities       |                                                                   |
| Splitting the roles               |                                                                   |
| Formal handover check list        | What needs doing, Contacts, Legal process, Digital assets        |
| Accounts/Finance                  | Bank Account (Natwest), Annual Accounts                          |
| Tenancy/The building              |                                                                   |
| Individual Responsibilities       |                                                                   |
| Contact and communication         | With membership and each other (methods, storage)                |
| Next meeting                      |                                                                   |
| AoB                               | Member training comms, Hacman phone, Whatâ€™s on fire?            |

## Discussion
* JC summarised the previous year: limited old board meetings, focus on subscriptions, insurance (Wessex), electrical certificate outstanding, community improvement, process clarification, financial sustainability (e.g., 60:40 event split idea).
* New board members introduced themselves:
    * JC (leaving Jan): ~2 yrs, structural engineer.
    * Ha: 10+ yrs, software developer.
    * BD: Since beginning, electronics focus, software consultant.
    * PR: ~18 months, software developer, woodwork training, focus on training/processes.
    * JS: ~1 yr, focus on member engagement/processes.
    * RJ: software developer, general help.
* JC outlined the board's role: remove obstacles for members.
* Roles allocated:
    * HA: (happy to be)Chair
    * RJ: Treasurer
    * PR: Secretary
    * JS: Membership Officer
    * JC: Development Officer
    * BD: Infrastructure Officer (new role defined)
* Key contacts discussed (Adam - electrician, Wessex - insurance). Mike handling tenancy, HA responsible board member.
* Business contacts/discounts mentioned (Axminster, Filamentive, Men's Shed).
* Building issues: Asbestos (of which only risk was old switchboard which has been removed), electrical connection shares board with fire alarms (upgrade challenge).
* Communication methods: Telegram (casual), Forum (official - noted bug with private threads). Suggestion to keep meetings for core business.
* Admin updates: Directorship changes done, Natwest sign-up started.
* Next meeting scheduled for December 4th.