# 2024-07-25
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-11-19, 19:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** board meeting  
**Meeting Location:** University  

## Attendees
People who attended:

- JC - Chair
- HA
- RJ
- JS
- BD
- JC2

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Board Member Updates | 
Trello Review | ‚Ä¢ Tidy Up Tasks<br>‚Ä¢ Reallocation of tasks
Focus Session | ‚Ä¢ General budget trend<br>‚Ä¢ Updates to purchase proposal system?<br>‚Ä¢ Large PPs - do they need a members meeting?<br>‚Ä¢ what is the purpose of the board check?<br>‚Ä¢ is the PP meant to be for the cost of an item or the value of it? E.g. should free donations still have a PP based on their value?<br>‚Ä¢ how much notice for MM?<br>‚Ä¢ how much notice for voting matters?<br>‚Ä¢ what is numbered required for quorum?<br>‚Ä¢ how should voting be conducted?<br>‚Ä¢ how much margin of error are we happy for PPs to have? (As in how much misc budget is permitted?)<br>‚Ä¢ are PPs allowed to be vague to get money approved in advance - e.g. we would like to approve ¬£2k to buy a nice lathe when one comes up for auction<br>‚Ä¢ how do proxies work?<br>‚Ä¢ default voting options (where non are stated)<br>‚Ä¢ PPE purchasing?
Upcoming Dates | ‚Ä¢ HTSD - 30th November<br> ‚Ä¢ Xmas Party - 18th December<br> ‚Ä¢ Next board meeting
AoB | ‚Ä¢ Sponsoring SMRRF 2024 (3d printing festival) I.e. do we want a stall<br> ‚Ä¢ Upcoming plan for digital<br> ‚Ä¢ CNC update
Parking warden dude trying to deliver us permits | 
Sharing access code / fob? | 
Can we just pick up instead? | 
All of robs other business | 
B+K bird boxes | 
Electrical cert | 

Actions from 14 Nov members meeting Item
1. Members have wanted to make better use of the Lab space, but blocked by the privately owned items stored within. Member discussion and asks on the forum haven‚Äôt been acted upon. Attendees of the meeting ask for this to be escalated to the Board to formally request the owner of items to remove them from the Hackspace.
2. Requirements/rules around calling and managing members meetings (quorum requirements, how proxies are managed/solicited, notice periods, locking of agenda; formalising previously established conventions?)
3. Large purchase proposals: What‚Äôs the right way for the membership to be given an opportunity to discuss?
4. Not an action from the meeting but on my mind, we need to do a lot better job of clarifying the large purchase proposal process ourselves, and then communicating that clearly to membership (not conflicting statements spread over multiple places)


## Discussion
Recent achievements 
JC recently **fitted fire doors**<br>
Harvey has recently been updated **digital infrastructure**<br>
Harvey running **AC meetings**<br>
Jordan started **reaching out for donations**<br>
**JDTT** event went well<br>
Rob **done accounts üòÅ**<br>
Rob **drafting new finances**<br>
Rob **assisting Harvey** with digital infrastructure<br> 
Jasmine created **HTS posters**<br>
Ben **nearly finished electrical works,** still managing final electrical tasks

## Trello updates
Trello tasks updated, removed, assigned or archived

## Focus session
* Large PPs - do they need a members meeting? *Yes, for the time being, with appropriate teams bringing forward adequate and significant evidence and support of the benefit of the PP.*
* what is the purpose of the board check? *As per current PP doc*
* is the PP meant to be for the cost of an item or the value of it? E.g. should free donations still have a PP based on their value? *Loan form problem, not PP. Sizeable donations to the space need to be clearly discussed with board and communicated to the membership via members meeting.*
* how much notice for MM? *2 Weeks for notice, 7 days lock voting matter, 24 hrs lock agenda*
* how much notice for voting matters? *7 days*
* what is numbered required for quorum? *(15)*
* how should voting be conducted? *1 person can only hold 3 proxy votes*
* how much margin of error are we happy for PPs to have? (As in how much misc budget is permitted?) *10% Margin acceptable, preferably essentials only, extras in separate PP to limit budget spiralling *
* are PPs allowed to be vague to get money approved in advance - e.g. we would like to approve ¬£2k to buy a nice lathe when one comes up for auction - *to be discussed further at a later date*
* how do proxies work? *Giving consent to another member to vote on your behalf.*
* default voting options (where non are stated) *same as current*
* PPE purchasing?


## Actions
To be copied to trello
| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
Message Bob about coop bank money, moving it to current account | Ben
Changing articles of association to increase quorum to 15 | Harvey
Propose members meeting dates 2025 | JC
Brief Ed prior to HTSD | Jasmine
Discretionary funds for HTSD | Rob
Eoy awards | Jordan
Xmas party | Jasmine and Jordan
SMRRF | Rob
Email Alex to remove personal Lab items | JC

