# 2024-06-10
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-06-10, 19:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** board meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hacksapce  

## Attendees
People who attended:

- HA - Chair
- RJ
- JS
- BD
- Provisional Apologies from JC for not being present

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Chair | • Iiiiiiiiiiiiii’m back<br>• CCTV<br>• New consumables list<br>• Board check in <br>• Space check in
Secretary | • It's gon' rain
Treasurer | • General budget trend<br>• Trend with purchases and consumables<br>• Electric bill trend
Infrastructure | • Updates<br> • Electrical compliance<br> • Eye wash station in kitchen<br> • CCTV - future plans<br> • Resin in sink<br> • Large storage clear out<br> | • Corner of Doom<br> • Internet 
Membership | • Social media update<br>• Blue cross<br>• Kids Easter event<br>• HTSD Feedback<br>• Summer BBQ maybe<br>• EMF Retro<br>• Build community
Development | • Create a more streamlined/unified way of organising the space
Digital | • Zigbee network is up<br>• Member website cleaned a lot of shit
Incident since last meeting | • Check incident book<br>• 3D Printer moved by Alex<br>• Reported incident [whatever date the thing was]
Wood | • Dust extraction up & running; measuring & planning noise mitigations if necessary
CNC | 
Storage | 
3D printing | • Prusa XL<br> • Resin?<br> •Insurance implications<br> •Unattended rule<br> •Enders
Electronics | • Leak
Metalwork - Welding | • Has anyone actually started to weld? It seems just training at the moment
VA |
Lab |
Snackspace |
Parkspace |
AoB | • Arrange next members meeting HA<br> • CCTV - governance<br> • Restrict / formalise restrictions around critical infrastructure<br> • Needs adding to rules (same with no unattended 3d printing?). Opportunity to review & simplify rules (both wording any where they’re stored)<br> • Spirit of the space<br> • Fire extinguishers check<br> • Regular emergency light checks<br> • Physical space workshop<br> • Actively ventilated room<br> • Screen printing & letter press<br> • 3D shelving & storage<br> • Board/admin storage<br> • Members storagè<br> • Trello<br> • Volunteering shortfalls (training, open evening, maintenance, running events) & potential incentives<br> • Luke T & Guitar Storage<br> • Parking<br> • Making our digital assets / branding materials accessible to members?<br> • Membership payments, pay-what-you-want, and below-self-serve amounts<br> • Board FAQ/runbook

## Discussion
Hackspace could do with some **dusting.** Maybe needs a bit more colour, looks sad.

Check in when JC is back around if we need **another board member.**

**Expenses are generally stable,** went up a lot over the start of year but back down now, especially with electricity costs. Purchase proposals are the biggest variability at the moment but nothing big is planned.

**Electric certs** are proving to be more work. We have a list of items we need done to get certified. Ben talked to Adam in person and is trying to get in contact to arrange a final certificate check.

**Doorbot has been rewired** following incident. We probably want 
**Eye wash station** needs someone else to plumb it in.

**Resin in the sink** is probably not going to happen and we will need to decomm it completely if nothing is happening with it.

**New storage slots** have become available, I’ve put some notices on ones that are being used but not claimed. We need a discussion on storage in general.

It seems the **CNC ammiel** is making will be loaned to the space but it needs a 16A run to the CNC room, we’ve agreed it should happen as the area coordinator is also in favour of the CNC machine.

**Social media** is a bit ded, there’s no process and people are just posting randomly.

Kids easter event is probably ded now.

We probably want to do another **blue cross event** and advertise it well.

**EMF was a great success,** we want to use the marquee again. Logistics was a nightmare and we probably want a van for next time. Starting to look at workshops and extras for next times village.

Maybe look at what mosi **events are coming up** or mini maker faires.

**Zigbee network** is up and maybe used for continuous air and sound monitoring.

**Prusa XL** has been sent back and will be looked at for repair. Quotes to follow.

The **enders** should be gotten rid of as we don’t have enough space at the moment for more 3d printers and they are inferior.

We will want to stick to our **unattended rule** with 3d printing until insurers are changed, or our current ones agree to self insurance.

**Parkspace** still needs more work.

**Network cable** is now attached to the wall.

Sorted massive box of stuff in the **corner of doom.** Some bits are being kept, we still have a lot of woodworking and other things that need clearing out.

There is building work underway to **fix the leak** in electronics JC is all over it. 

We probably want to share **costco and bookers access** to all board members.

**Website** is being cleaned up. It’s almost halfway to being fully upgraded.

Talk about the next **CCTV next steps** at members meeting, we probably want to propose what it will look like and have a vote.

We want to consolidate **hackspace rules** and incorporate critical infrastructure.

We got a lot of positive feedback on **HTSD** and how it was run this time around. We are planning another one for September.

VA was tied up during **HTSD** and improved nicely.

Not sure what the plan was after **large storage clear out.** It seems Peter is happy to carry on with some kind of plan 🤷We probably need some plan.

**Physical space workshop** went well and we’ve got a lot of ideas, we just need people to start to implement them.

We should make certain **branding assets** available.

We'll need to work out what to do with **car parking** going forward.

Agreed we can try putting infra tasks in the space on a **physical board.**
**Emergency lights** need regular testing.

We’ve brought forward **volunteering shortfalls** and **membership payment types** for when JC is back.

We need to talk about a **member's behaviour** which has been reported before and has repeated again.

## Action Items
To be copied to trello

| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| |  | |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
