# 2024-06-10
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-06-10, 19:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** board meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hacksapce  

## Attendees
People who attended:

- HA - Chair
- RJ
- JS
- BD
- Provisional Apologies from JC for not being present

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Chair | â€¢ Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiâ€™m back<br>â€¢ CCTV<br>â€¢ New consumables list<br>â€¢ Board check in <br>â€¢ Space check in
Secretary | â€¢ It's gon' rain
Treasurer | â€¢ General budget trend<br>â€¢ Trend with purchases and consumables<br>â€¢ Electric bill trend
Infrastructure | â€¢ Updates<br> â€¢ Electrical compliance<br> â€¢ Eye wash station in kitchen<br> â€¢ CCTV - future plans<br> â€¢ Resin in sink<br> â€¢ Large storage clear out<br> | â€¢ Corner of Doom<br> â€¢ Internet 
Membership | â€¢ Social media update<br>â€¢ Blue cross<br>â€¢ Kids Easter event<br>â€¢ HTSD Feedback<br>â€¢ Summer BBQ maybe<br>â€¢ EMF Retro<br>â€¢ Build community
Development | â€¢ Create a more streamlined/unified way of organising the space
Digital | â€¢ Zigbee network is up<br>â€¢ Member website cleaned a lot of shit
Incident since last meeting | â€¢ Check incident book<br>â€¢ 3D Printer moved by Alex<br>â€¢ Reported incident [whatever date the thing was]
Wood | â€¢ Dust extraction up & running; measuring & planning noise mitigations if necessary
CNC | 
Storage | 
3D printing | â€¢ Prusa XL<br> â€¢ Resin?<br> â€¢Insurance implications<br> â€¢Unattended rule<br> â€¢Enders
Electronics | â€¢ Leak
Metalwork - Welding | â€¢ Has anyone actually started to weld? It seems just training at the moment
VA |
Lab |
Snackspace |
Parkspace |
AoB | â€¢ Arrange next members meeting HA<br> â€¢ CCTV - governance<br> â€¢ Restrict / formalise restrictions around critical infrastructure<br> â€¢ Needs adding to rules (same with no unattended 3d printing?). Opportunity to review & simplify rules (both wording any where theyâ€™re stored)<br> â€¢ Spirit of the space<br> â€¢ Fire extinguishers check<br> â€¢ Regular emergency light checks<br> â€¢ Physical space workshop<br> â€¢ Actively ventilated room<br> â€¢ Screen printing & letter press<br> â€¢ 3D shelving & storage<br> â€¢ Board/admin storage<br> â€¢ Members storagÃ¨<br> â€¢ Trello<br> â€¢ Volunteering shortfalls (training, open evening, maintenance, running events) & potential incentives<br> â€¢ Luke T & Guitar Storage<br> â€¢ Parking<br> â€¢ Making our digital assets / branding materials accessible to members?<br> â€¢ Membership payments, pay-what-you-want, and below-self-serve amounts<br> â€¢ Board FAQ/runbook

## Discussion
Hackspace could do with some **dusting.** Maybe needs a bit more colour, looks sad.

Check in when JC is back around if we need **another board member.**

**Expenses are generally stable,** went up a lot over the start of year but back down now, especially with electricity costs. Purchase proposals are the biggest variability at the moment but nothing big is planned.

**Electric certs** are proving to be more work. We have a list of items we need done to get certified. Ben talked to Adam in person and is trying to get in contact to arrange a final certificate check.

**Doorbot has been rewired** following incident. We probably want 
**Eye wash station** needs someone else to plumb it in.

**Resin in the sink** is probably not going to happen and we will need to decomm it completely if nothing is happening with it.

**New storage slots** have become available, Iâ€™ve put some notices on ones that are being used but not claimed. We need a discussion on storage in general.

It seems the **CNC ammiel** is making will be loaned to the space but it needs a 16A run to the CNC room, weâ€™ve agreed it should happen as the area coordinator is also in favour of the CNC machine.

**Social media** is a bit ded, thereâ€™s no process and people are just posting randomly.

Kids easter event is probably ded now.

We probably want to do another **blue cross event** and advertise it well.

**EMF was a great success,** we want to use the marquee again. Logistics was a nightmare and we probably want a van for next time. Starting to look at workshops and extras for next times village.

Maybe look at what mosi **events are coming up** or mini maker faires.

**Zigbee network** is up and maybe used for continuous air and sound monitoring.

**Prusa XL** has been sent back and will be looked at for repair. Quotes to follow.

The **enders** should be gotten rid of as we donâ€™t have enough space at the moment for more 3d printers and they are inferior.

We will want to stick to our **unattended rule** with 3d printing until insurers are changed, or our current ones agree to self insurance.

**Parkspace** still needs more work.

**Network cable** is now attached to the wall.

Sorted massive box of stuff in the **corner of doom.** Some bits are being kept, we still have a lot of woodworking and other things that need clearing out.

There is building work underway to **fix the leak** in electronics JC is all over it. 

We probably want to share **costco and bookers access** to all board members.

**Website** is being cleaned up. Itâ€™s almost halfway to being fully upgraded.

Talk about the next **CCTV next steps** at members meeting, we probably want to propose what it will look like and have a vote.

We want to consolidate **hackspace rules** and incorporate critical infrastructure.

We got a lot of positive feedback on **HTSD** and how it was run this time around. We are planning another one for September.

VA was tied up during **HTSD** and improved nicely.

Not sure what the plan was after **large storage clear out.** It seems Peter is happy to carry on with some kind of plan ðŸ¤·We probably need some plan.

**Physical space workshop** went well and weâ€™ve got a lot of ideas, we just need people to start to implement them.

We should make certain **branding assets** available.

We'll need to work out what to do with **car parking** going forward.

Agreed we can try putting infra tasks in the space on a **physical board.**
**Emergency lights** need regular testing.

Weâ€™ve brought forward **volunteering shortfalls** and **membership payment types** for when JC is back.

We need to talk about a **member's behaviour** which has been reported before and has repeated again.

## Action Items
To be copied to trello

| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| |  | |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
