# 2025-04-13
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2025-04-03, 19:15  
**Meeting Purpose:** board meeting  
**Meeting Location:** University  

## Attendees
People who attended:

- JC - Chair
- HA
- RJ
- JS
- BD
- JC2

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Board Member Updates | 
Trello Review | ‚Ä¢ Tidy Up Tasks<br>‚Ä¢ Reallocation of tasks
Focus Session | 
Upcoming Dates | ‚Ä¢ Classes<br> ‚Ä¢ HTSD<br> ‚Ä¢ Members meetings `Wednesday, 30th April 2025` `Decide. Wednesdays 3 months on. Publish` <br> ‚Ä¢ Next board meeting `Wedemsday, 7th May 2025`<br> ‚Ä¢ Board workshop `Sunday, 13th April 2025`
AoB | ‚Ä¢ Reorder Natwest cards<br> ‚Ä¢ Parking<br> ‚Ä¢ Membership consent to [policies] (insurance)<br> ‚Ä¢ Handling of dormant balances (very important)<br> ‚Ä¢ Network & CCTV<br> ‚Ä¢ Yucky leak in electronics<br> ‚Ä¢ Emergency signage ‚Ä¢ First aid ‚Ä¢ Fire exits, alarm points, fire extinguishers ‚Ä¢ What to do in an emergency<br> ‚Ä¢ Members storage: Comms plan<br> ‚Ä¢ Large PP/Construction retrospective?<br> ‚Ä¢ Build vs buy debate: Heavy machinery / equipment<br> ‚Ä¢ Specific notes on advanced grinder pre-proposal: Use of self-funding to circumvent approval thresholds Unwillingness to write detailed proposals?<br> ‚Ä¢ CNC ‚Äì awaiting board approval? (Did we know that?)<br> ‚Ä¢ PA testing ü´†<br> ‚Ä¢ Spiderboge<br> ‚Ä¢ <redacted> situation<br> ‚Ä¢ Mini htsd. Incentives, purpose<br> ‚Ä¢ Cleaning incentives

## Discussion
* Discussed parking - waiting on additional information from provider  
* Need to advertise physically and digitally for membership to accept policies (nothing new, just for insurance and safety purposes)  
* Rob and landlord looked at drip issues, discussed with offenders how they can fix this  
* Discussed clearer signage regarding H+S and Fire Safety
* Comms on membership storage, to make clearer instructions on updated changes
* Build vs buy machinery
  * Absolutely not self-designed / self-build ‚Äúheavy‚Äù machinery
  * Insurance is unclear, ubt probably disallows
  * Manufactured products are certified & tested, much easier to have confidence in
  * For DIY, so much more effort required to understand & evaluate. More than we‚Äôre capable of; likely needs external, independent, review.
  * Likely applies to existing CNCs. If we were to apply rule blatantly, we might need to reject & have them removed.
  * In comms on this point, emphasize volunteer time cost greatly outweighs monetary savings
* Advanced grinder:
  * Self-fulding to circumvent thresholds, level of detail, scrutiny:
    * Absolutely not. We have & are willing to spend money.
    * We don‚Äôt want members having given the space [monetary] favours
    * Intent to get away with less detailed proposal doesn‚Äôt work; level of detail does not scale with threshold.
  * Unwillingness to write detailed proposal
    * Likely influenced by personal behaviours, as well as inexperience with proposals.
    * Discussed what a good proposal looks like.
    * Action to provide examples or guidance.
* Discussed what a good PP proposal looks like
* Mini foods for Mini HTSD



## Actions
To be copied to trello

| Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Print HTSD posters | JS | 
| Setup in hackspace deep dive session | HA | 
| Ask council for paper permits to home address | HA | 
| Deep dive on consent to policies for hackspace | HA | 
| Deep dive Consent agreement | HA |
| Deep dive Equipment info/map/signage | HA | 
| Make it clear about new storage mechanisms | Unknown | 
| RJ wants back in | Unknown | 
| Large PP/construction retrospective meeting | JC2 | 
| Respond to advanced grinder - first draft | JC2 |
| Request CNC documentation and official request of approval from Ammiel | Unknown | 