# 2025-11-19

## Meeting Information

  * **Meeting Date/Time:** 2025-11-19 19:00 - 21:30
  * **Meeting Purpose:** Board Meeting
  * **Meeting Location:** Hackspace Manchester

## Attendees
  * John D
  * Joe C

## Agenda Items

  * Confirmation all required access has been granted and tested
  * Review of HTSW
  * Upcoming big PPs (3D printers, Woody table saw, Other grants/Funding ideas)
  * New Board Members - 1 month review
  * Upcoming dates (Xmas party, Christmas board holiday period, Next board meeting, Setting dates for year ahead)

## Discussion

  * **Confirmation all required access has been granted and tested**
      * John D is satisfied he has all necessary access, with the exception of the Bank completing his set up, which requires no further action from the Board.
  * **Review of HTSW**
      * Hack the Space Saturday was successful, although attendance was lower than hoped.
      * Projects had a nice choice, but perhaps lacked a larger ‘focus project’.
      * The defined break for lunch was good for getting everyone together.
      * Ross led Sunday, but no feedback was recorded as he did not attend the meeting.
  * **Upcoming big PPs**
      * Directors agreed on a proposal to sell the Prusa XL and purchase two Bambu Lab PS1 3D printers, which can be considered a small proposal due to the sale offsetting the cost.
      * The proposal was agreed upon to maintain transparency with the membership, even if the profit from the sale exceeds the new expenditure.
      * Items discussed as candidates for external grants/funding include Woodwork Ventilation/air filtration system (\~£3-5k), Spray painting booth (with air filters) (\~£2-4k), and a Table saw (\~£4-10k).
      * Constructing a "3d printer world" was discussed as a potential focus for a March HTSD.
  * **Upcoming dates**
      * John D is to arrange a Hackspace ‘Vision’ Session to gather ideas about the future of the space, potentially on 22nd January 2026 at Cloudwater Brewery.
      * The lab is scheduled to be closed and repurposed as a locked stock room.
  * **Future Deep Dive topics**
      * Topics for future deep dives include how to do team budgets, Digital Infrastructure, and Being an effective board.

## Actions

| Item                                                                                                             | Responsible |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------- |
| John D to look into funding grant options for items above.                                                       | John D      |
| Joe C to contact AB to arrange decommissioning of lab.                                                           | Joe C       |
| Joe C to ask woodwork coordinators for table saw recommendations at different price points.                      | Joe C       |
| John D to arrange Hackspace ‘vision’ session - potentially 22nd January 2026, potentially at Cloudwater Brewery. | John D      |

