# 2025-10-28
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** 2025-10-28 19:00:00
- **Meeting Purpose:** Board meeting
- **Meeting Location:** Wellington House

## Attendees
People who attended:

- Joe Christian 
- Rob Jackson
- Jordan Colclough
- Ross Ballinger
- John Deptford


## Agenda Items

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Item</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Round up of the last year</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Aims and achievements of the previous board</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Brief introduction of new board members</td>
      <td>History at Hackspace, brief hopes for term, what skills they bring and their availability</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Overview of how the company works</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Collective Responsibilities</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Splitting the roles</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Formal handover check list</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>What needs doing</li>
          <li>Who to contact</li>
          <li>Legal process</li>
          <li>Old board de-registering</li>
          <li>New board registering</li>
          <li>Handover of digital assets inc. changing of passwords where required</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Accounts/Finance</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>Bank Account - Natwest</li>
          <li>Annual Accounts</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Tenancy/The building</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Individual Responsibilities</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Contact and communication with the membership</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Contact and communication with each other</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>Methods of contact</li>
          <li>Document storage</li>
          <li>Next meeting</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>First tasks</td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>AOB</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>Hack the space weekend</li>
          <li>Robs CCTV</li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>


## Discussion

- **Round up of the last year**
- **Aims and achievements of the previous board**
  - Update board handover to include checklist
  - Recap of previous boards aim and goals (compliance and events)
  - Love for Mike ðŸ¥°
- **Brief introduction of new board members**
  - Intro from Individual Board members
  - Ross explained ideas for how to link in with local industries
- **Overview of how the company works**
- **Collective Responsibilities**
  - Touched on training funds and wellbeing support
  - Safeguarding explained
  - Roles explained
- **Splitting the roles**
  - John interested in Development and Treasurer
  - Rob supporting main Treasurer, continuing Digital, needs to have official handover from Harvey
  - Jordan for Secretary, support on events and comms
  - Ross for Infrastructure, Community Liaison
  - Joe for Chair
- **Formal handover check list**
 - Trello awareness
- **Accounts/Finance**
  - Going to need accountant going forward and refresh how money is handled
  - Finances are good, reserve is incrementing ~ Â£900pm increase, Â£36,000 in reserve
- **Tenancy/The building**
  - Building alarm location discussed
  - Northern are Landlord and agents
- **Individual Responsibilities**
  - Rob and Ross to be DPO
- **Contact and communication with the membership**
  - Telegram Vs forum, how to handle
  - Discussed how to separate board talk and personal talk
  - GitHub is online document hub, google drive is for board storage

- **Contact and communication with each other**
  - Board meeting after 6 weeks, then deep dive after 6 weeks, repeat
  - Next Board Meet on 19/11/25
- **First tasks**
  - Ed Bray wants to help Christmas party
  - Ross mentioned display screens?
- **AOB**
  - **Hack the space weekend**
  - **Robs CCTV**
    - CCTV pros and cons
  - Future Deep Dive topics
    - How to do team budgets

## Actions

| Item | Responsible |
| ---- | ---- |
| Update PPE template board threshold | Rob |
| Resolution of board member positions for companies house | Joe |
| Need to get members to sign H&S | Rob |
| New Board members to give Rob their email address for 1Pass | Rob |
| All board members to verify identity with companies ( link sent via telegram ) | Joe |
| Joe to update forum | Joe |
| Rob to update members system +ReDash | Rob |
| Joe to update telegram permissions | Joe |
| Rob organise NatWest cards and banking | Rob |
| Rob to sign off annual accounts | Rob |
| Maybe create Pin on telegram with legal jargon | John |
| Add mod bot to AC chats? | Unclear |
| Joe to add me aboard to Trello | Joe |
| Jordan to lead on the HTSD on 15th | Jordan |
| Ross to lead on the HTSD on 16th | Ross |
| Ross to lead contact with Ed about Christmas competition | Ross |
| Joe to put new team budgets wording on GitHub | Joe |
| Joe to pass out skills analysis to board members | Joe |
