# 2025-05-07
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2025-05-07, 19:00 - 21:30  
**Meeting Purpose:** Board Meeting  
**Meeting Location:** Hackspace Manchester  

## Attendees
People who attended:

- JC
- JC2
- RJ
- BD
- JC
- HA (Not Present)

## Agenda Items

| Item                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                      |
| :------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Board Member Updates | JC, HA (Not Present), JC2, RJ, BD, JS                                                                                                                                |
| Changes to decision making process        | • JC to talk about a committee concept to help us make decisions quicker.   |
| Trello Review        | • Actions from previous meeting<br>• Tidy up tasks<br>• Reallocation of tasks                                                                                                       |
| Main topics        | • Upcoming elections<br>• CCTV<br>• Getting things done - how can we better organise<br>• Events and the outside world                     |
| Focus Session        | • Employees?                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Upcoming Dates       | • Classes<br> • HTSD<br> • Summer Fun<br> • Members Meetings (`Decide. Wednesdays 3 months on. Publish`)<br> • Next board meeting<br> • Hack The Board Space day<br> • Board Holidays<br> • Rust Manchester - request for more dates |
| AoB                  | • Purchase proposal grinder thing<br>• Large Purchase Proposal plan going forward<br>• Auditing our H&S supplies<br>• Parking<br>• Finance B (Cash basis, HMRC, Categorising, Trade/Non-trade income, Tixtree breakdown)<br>• Safe-guarding |

## Discussion
* **Board Member Updates:**
    * JC: Working on Reach application with Pulse (asking for £14K), good progress, case worker writing report.
    * JC2: Organised HTSD end of April.
    * RJ: Pricing changes, need to update future earnings, to look at recent large spends.
    * BD: Electrical work (general and woody), socket failures in electronics, dealing with broken emergency light, finishing testing plan, will be away for several weeks.
    * JS: Been chilling, availability increase after the 16th.
    * HA: Sorting CCTV fitting and optimisation.
* **Committee Decision Making Process:** Discussed and agreed: point raised, needs to be seconded, objections vocalised, attempt to compromise, cast vote.
* **Trello/Actions Review:** Refreshed Trello task distribution.
* **Elections:**
    * Staying on: JC, JC2.
    * Stepping Down: HA, JS.
    * Unsure: BD.
    * Re-elect (Not Treasuring): RJ.
    * Discussion on finding prospective talent and advertising specific roles.
* **CCTV:**
    * Potential change to authorisation and use: trusted members having remote access (authenticated and logged) due to immediate need or lack of access.
    * Discussion on tidying the network box, membership opinion, and concerns. Everything needs to be logged.
* **Hackspace Organisation Inclusion:** Any progress is good progress; silence is agreement.
* **Events:**
    * Still new, need time to stabilise.
    * Need to document clearly where events go and have a promotional workflow process.
* **General Meeting Review:**
    * Board in agreement on the concept of employees.
    * Contracted employee discussed.
    * To be further discussed post governance and funding review.
* **HTSD (Hack The Space Day):**
    * Mini HTSD scheduled for May 25th.
    * Plan to move to structured tasks with task leaders, sign-ups, and slotted times.
    * Making actions at members meetings for HTSD. Shift smaller jobs to mini HTSD. Arrange management of HTSD.
* **Summer Fun:** Discussed BBQ at coffee shop in Pollard Yard.

## Actions
To be copied to trello

| Item                                                          | Responsible   | Due Date      |
| :------------------------------------------------------------ | :------------ | :------------ |
| Rob to find out more about NatWest accounts                   | Rob           | (Unspecified) |
| Find new or returning elections officer                     | (Unspecified) | (Unspecified) |
| Joe to alter constitution to allow for voting on specific roles, figure out role jobs? | Joe           | (Unspecified) |
| Rob and Harvey to ensure CCTV is compliant                    | Rob, Harvey   | (Unspecified) |
| Rob to change permissions on policy GitHub docs               | Rob           | (Unspecified) |
| Joe to document where events live                             | Joe           | (Unspecified) |
| Retrospective of HTSD with board and ACs                      | (Unspecified) | (Unspecified) |
| Jordan to organise members meeting for 11th June              | Jordan        | (Unspecified) |
| Joe to respond yes to Rust Manchester proposed dates.         | Joe           | (Unspecified) |
| Jordan to review large PP going forward                       | Jordan        | (Unspecified) |
| Joe to write up PP guide                                      | Joe           | (Unspecified) |
| Joe to write job spec and H+S supply list for Ross            | Joe           | (Unspecified) |
| Volunteers to be granted parking permit access                | Rob           | (Unspecified) |
| Rob to look into getting accountant                           | Rob           | (Unspecified) |
| Joe to send Jordan Safeguarding docs                          | Joe           | (Unspecified) |